All Blogs
Episodic Pivots: Identify & Trade
Major Turns
The Art of execution
November 14, 2025
Share this post on:
The Episodic Pivot is a misunderstood setup in Indian fintwit. When @PradeepBonde
 or @Qullamaggie trade EP, execution is tailored to the US markets, which have no
circuit limits and allow trades during off-market hours.
Here is an EP playbook for the Indian markets:
‍
The Basics
EP is the ultimate lovechild of a trader and a fundamental investor.
‍
Why you should trade EP
It focuses on getting you into the stock as close as possible to the origin of the
move and captures a large part of the upmove.
It has one of the best effort-to-reward ratios among any setups, making it a
vital tool for achieving superior performance for non-fulltime traders.
EP stocks typically receive a lot of institutional liquidity, making it a scalable
strategy.
‍
Why EP works
The fundamental trigger for an EP is new information that catches the market off
guard and forces a revaluation of the stock. This creates a sense of FOMO and
urgency to buy or sell the stock, resulting in explosive moves. When combined with
the institutional need of getting a decent allocation in their 'big' portfolio, it often
sustains the trend for many months, especially for low float stocks. Situational
awareness in trading helps you recognize when FOMO is authentic versus
manufactured.
The cause (Why) of new information surprise and FOMO is an inherent and eternal
market principle. Many traders use the same principle by different names, but for
Anuragg Venkatakrishnan
Register Interest
Wall of Love
Blogs
FAQs
Contact Us
About TradeTM 

simplicity's sake, I will refer to it as EP, which is the name I learned from
@PradeepBonde .
‍
There are basically two types of EP...
Earnings EP - The Stock Bee rule of requiring a 30%+ growth in sales and EPS on a
yoy and qoq basis generally serves well even in Indian markets. However, since I am
not actively monitoring the market during trading hours and cannot check earnings
in real-time, I only focus on earnings reports that are released after the market
closes.
‍Non-Earnings EP - everything else that has an indirect impact on earnings, such as
new orders (e.g., RVNL, JBMA, Anuras this year), new government policies (sugar,
fertiliser stocks), among others.
My EP universe is mostly focused on earnings which are released after market hours.
They have been more than sufficient.
‍
Deep Dive
‍In 2022, We conducted a deep dive even though we had been trading EPs for a while
before that. We analysed 1688 gap ups from January 2017 to March 2022 with
regard to reported earnings, potential entry points, trailing methods, and
pyramiding chances.
‍
How to identify EP
When analysing post-market results, my primary focus is on a qoq and yoy
growth of at least 30% in both EPS and sales. However, this is not a strict
requirement. I simply want to see unexpected, positive growth. In addition, a
bullish earnings presentation, such as NDTV's February 2022 EP, can be helpful.
For a stock to be considered an EP, it must either gap up or open strongly the
next day**. If it fails to do so, then it cannot be considered as an EP since the
market is not surprised by the results.
The stock must be neglected, meaning it is either in a big base consolidation or
down trending. Based on my observations, stocks in consolidation tend to
perform better than those that are down trending. This is a significant criterion
for me because it correlates with the potential magnitude of the up move.
To identify EP stocks, look for stocks that have gapped up on strong results
announced after the previous day's close. This can be done during the pre-
open.
I do not use volume as a decision-making criterion because I buy very early,
and it cannot be relied upon at that stage. Although I filter out stocks below a
market cap of <300 crore.
(Note - This is different from an earnings gap up. The crucial aspect is a shift in the
narrative or trend; the context of the gap-up holds greater significance than the
gap-up itself. The charts will clearly show that something significant has changed. It
is a new episode in the life of the company and its share price. Trade journal
analysis and post reviews develops this narrative recognition skill through pattern
matching.)

‍
How to buy EP
The key to capturing most of the EP move is to find and enter as early as possible.
This trade should become risk-free quickly since the setup is based on an urgency
to act. If the trade stalls or takes too long to move, it is more likely to fail.
‍
On the day of EP
‍In our deep dive, we observed getting in on the 5 minute opening range highs with
the day low stop loss (often the breakout bar low too) worked well. I skip entries
where the gap up plus opening range highs are more than 12%. This is because the
circuit limit restrains the upmove and does not make my trade risk-free on the
same day.
During our in-depth analysis, we noted that less than 45% of the EPs were triggered
on the gap day. However, most of those that did trigger provided immediate risk-
free, low-cost entries that could be used to support higher-risk pyramid positions.
My win rate for these trades has fluctuated between 40-60%, with a stop loss
between 2-4%.
‍
EP Pullback
Most EPs will offer a pullback entry around the 10/21 EMA. These are high risk-reward
points for entry and pyramiding. This is often useful for stocks where the earnings
were not great, but the market's reaction was. Here are some of my EP pullback
buys from this year that I still hold (see post on June 18th).
‍
‍
Commonalities in buys - a tight/negative bar close to moving averages, an entry
near the previous day's high on a strong start, and a stop loss (SL) near the day's
low.
‍
Reverse EP
Although I do not frequently use this strategy, it works very well with momentum
stocks that are showing signs of topping off. Many large profitable prop desks use
this strategy to short on EP days or write calls for longer trends. Instead of spoon
feeding examples, I encourage you to search for these stocks yourself. You can
begin by looking at the Jan-March 2022 quarter.
‍
How to Sell EP

Ready to take your trading  journey to the next
level? Start today!
Let’s get you started
EP is a primary case for selling in weakness. The trend is new and the urgency to buy
has just begun. Typically, you can expect to get around 10-20 strong EPs per year.
Therefore, holding positions with an 'all or nothing' perspective yielded better results
in the Deep Dive. Even though EPs account for less than 10% of my total trades, they
have contributed to more than 35% of my returns in the last 2 years. Balancing
trading with life becomes easier when 10% of trades generate 35% of returns—this is
true edge.
Every pullback to the 10/21 EMA is a pyramiding opportunity for me. I will exit the
position if the 21 EMA is breached (i.e. if the low of the bar closing below the moving
average is broken). Alternatively, if the distance between the 21 EMA and 50 DMA is
not too large, I may use the latter to exit the position.
The only time to sell into strength is during temporary extensions (15% away from
10ema), or to maintain your mental confidence with the intention of buying back
again.
P.S. - "We" in the Deep dive - Me, @swing_ka_sultan, @ashfan_harjee,
@SaumilSanghavi, @tetarmihir, @_ASHUTOSHVARMA
‍
Recomended Articles
The Art of execution
September 17, 2023
8 mins
Blend
Fundamentals &
Technicals for
Better Trades
The Art of execution
August 23, 2023
6 mins
Position Sizing
Strategy - Risk
Management
Guide
The Art of execution
August 5, 2023
5 mins
Balance Trading
Career with
Personal Life
Goals
Copyright © 2024 Trade TM | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy

