If the bears have limited firepower beyond the point, right? If because it 's not necessary to have such a strong FOMO every time. They may be bullish, but they may not always be urgently bullish. Correct? So if it actually opens at 12:40, right ? If the chance of a follow-through is less than it actually opening flat and gapping down? Where will we actually get a better entry at a gap up and a flat open? This will show you the entry on every candle. On every second or third candle, you will see an entry from your angle and that every entry will fail because you are looking for an entry on the upside. What is the choppy market problem? Everyone is trying to play with the same stop loss, same breakout point, expecting the same amount of follow through in all the stocks, but stocks are not built that way, not everyone has a different pitch. Okay, so in all the chop outs that are happening, you see, what most of the people are doing is they use the same template of execution everywhere. Mathematically, yes, a tight stop loss works, but a tight stop loss works in situations where either the bear or the bull is under complete pressure to act precisely. Right now, I was thinking that if we do any trade repeatedly, then every trade only nine scenarios are created, not in total, if we see, then these scenarios will be better, that if it opens, it will be better. So, there are three scenarios: basically, it will either gap up , open at the same level, or open gap down. Okay? After that, we can play out three scenarios: either it will go straight up, or it will go down and then come up, or that's that . Right? Exactly. Where did your news come in here? Correct? Which is the kind of scenario that gives you a better risk-reward? Correct? We're right? This was a stock today. Okay? Now tell me Amit, in this, the gap up is better, the flat open is better, and the gap down is better. Meaning, in this, it's already very close to the point, so a gap up would be better here because it would show strength. Well, if I were to say the opposite, we were repeatedly buying and selling . If you remember the three scenarios, what was a default? What would be the antithesis from here? It will be. We always use to think of a gap up. Gap up. Okay? But if I actually think of a gap up here, okay? Let me apply the opposite logic. Okay? Suppose it opens directly around 1240. Okay? Suppose it closed yesterday at what level? Around 1180. Okay? What we always think is that if a gap up happens, then it is going to be a good gap up. Okay? But let me give the opposite thesis. Okay? If the bears have limited firepower, beyond the point. Okay? If, because it doesn't have to be such a strong FOMO every time. It may be bullish, but it may not always be urgently bullish. Correct. So, if it actually opens at 1240, okay? If the chance of a follow-through is less, then it actually opens flat and gaps down? Where will we actually get a better entry with a gap up or a flat open? I think a better entry would be with a gap down. If there's a gap down and then a reversal, that's the easiest and the best entry. Exactly. So, the MSTCL entry, which Harendra mentioned, Chirag mentioned. Okay. Yes, yes. How was that? That's what it was. See, this is what exactly happened: a flat opening [sound of clearing throat], then it went down, then it reversed. If we take yesterday's intraday, look at this, okay, it goes down, then reverses. This is actually the perfect intraday chart that you want. Okay, if you understand this, if there had been a gap up, okay, you probably wouldn't have got such a good entry. You got a much better risk-reward with a weak open rather than a strong open. So, there's a half day when the news is very good. In fact, this happens more under Trump. The news is very good. Everything gaps up . And that turns out to be the worst kind of trading day. Because most of your move is already exhausted by the gap up. I mean, in some scenario, a gap up might work well. In which scenario? Basically, we can consider this gap up to be better. Where it may work better than something like which one I had to see yesterday, I think it's mostly right, EP, yes, because there's a catalyst, I'm just seeing normal momentum right now, sir. Yes, no, yes, EP, so if you're not gapping up at all, then it is of no use, also right, we have a catalyst there, you already have a fire there, so if that were to happen, then suppose it's in the base right now, okay? And someone is immediately putting in a gap up, that It will make it better than a week open is not good. Okay? So look at the context of gap ups, what do you do many times, Amit ji? Sometimes you first decide on a stock, so if you look at the last two sessions, what are we talking about? Only about the right stock. The right stock. Okay? First, we looked at the fundamentals, gained complete knowledge. Now we will come to the basis, the stages , different parts. We have not yet come to the entry part of it. Okay? Why? Because one logic is if you get the right stock, even an average entry beyond the pointer is going to give you money. Okay? But many of the times, what you end up doing is you average the stock. Okay? But you get such a good entry that the trade becomes more beneficial. Okay? This is similar logic. Right now, this one that you are seeing is also a deep pullback. Do you know what I'm looking for in a stock before this? It's very volatile. So, the moment it's volatile, the bulls and bears are actually trying to show dominance continuously. Do you know when your nine scenarios fail? When none of them are trying to act? Yes. I mean, anyone will be interested. Okay? So, like today, I took this stop loss. Where did it go? Okay. Same, I was trying to get a reversal here. Did it go here or not? Okay? Yes, nothing happened. Okay. So, nothing happened. So, what was my antithesis, that I didn't look here? I left it there after putting a bit here. The worst kind of stop loss that I could have taken. I took it here. The other two did well. Okay? The rationale was the same, wasn't it? Well, one more thing, as we see that a big move came, after that a pullback came, which we see in the setup that a pullback came and after that we see that many times what happens with the momentum is that from the pullback, either immediately if it has to move, then immediately we will get an entry, which means if the bulls are active, then many times it happens that the momentum gets loose, gets flat, so then how should we proceed, that is, in that we should only wait for the base formation, that is, next we should see some catalytic or big bar, only after that we should take the confirmation entry type, any example, like right now if we open this chart, you will open the chart of heels, like if we see from here , there was a big move around 15th, okay, this one, no, no, this here after the EP in May, yes, yes, after the EP, as if there was a big move, after that then this red day pullback came, there was a one-two-three day pullback, not after that, above that, there was a three-day pullback, one Two or three times, yes. Now, if we think about it after these three times, a reversal is expected. We expect a reversal here. We expect it to happen if the bulls become strong after looking at the previous move. So, after that, like we saw in the next bar, the red came and then the momentum went away. Now, if we try this again and again, what do you mean? We will try it again and again. Brother, if we play it from here, that is, as a reversal, then we will break out of this base. Okay, now I will tell you something. What are you playing? This is what we've been talking about for the last two weeks. We've been talking about absolute momentum and persistent momentum. Okay? Now, look at this stock. What is it? Suppose I catch a base breakout from somewhere here. For example, from 942. Okay. How much have we done from then till today? In three months it has nearly doubled. Yes, sir. Okay. Right now it's just one hair at a time. Look, this part is fine. Enough, this was a very strong thing. You got an entry here. Okay. After that, if you had taken it here, okay. And if you were trailing with a very tight stop loss, you would have gotten chopped out. Yes, sir. Okay. Then here's the entry for day 1. This happened during the result. Okay. Okay. It ran up. Here's a day 2 entry. Okay. If you were playing this for a longer time , you would have stopped out here. Okay. And let me take one. You're going to take it here, okay? Here, any entry which you take during this, there is no particular pivot which works on the upside with a tight stop loss, take the entire base, is there any such work anywhere, if you take a stop loss here also, for example, okay, even if you take a very tight stop loss, this small drawdown will definitely happen, here we are okay, tell me one area in your entire base where your MAE will be zero and Close to zero, where you're immediately risk-free, and your stop-out isn't triggered later . Otherwise, it'll be on the higher side, right? So, when you're playing real-time, okay, you know, the stock has doubled in three months. Right, yes, but what are you expecting? It will keep moving like 10% up and make you risk-free very fast. Amit ji, what are you trading for? If I enter this stock and it goes up 10%, I'll become risk-free. Then I can play it easily. The stock's character isn't that much, that way. And if I look at the stock's character, if I reverse it, okay? Let me buy only on shakeouts. Okay? Suppose this yellow line is my 21 EMA. Yeah, okay? I'm using a stupid logic. Every time it touches the 21 EMA. Okay? And shakes me out. I'm going to buy there. Am I still buying momentum? Just correct, but I am, but I am buying momentum on what's on the downside. Okay, so when I was looking at this, why do so many chop-outs happen in this kind of group? Correct, because you're looking at slow-moving stocks, that is, you go to put a nitro booster on the back of a bullock cart and expect it to move with speed, but it won't move that way. Okay, so if I start playing on the chop-outs here, am I still playing momentum? Am I getting a better risk-reward on the downside rather than waiting for the breakout on the upside? Yes, I can say it again. Okay, repeat every time. Suppose you mark breakouts here . Here, mark a breakout on the upside . Okay? This is a breakout on your upside. Okay? This is an upside breakout. Okay? This is an upside breakout. This is an upside breakout. It's here, okay? Then there's this one, and here, okay? And you can grab one here, for example. Okay? 80% of the time, you'd have taken it at your normal entry pivot points. You'd have exited this stock. Right? Why? Because if you ever go for an upside, you'd have to use a tight stop-loss . You know what you need? You need a big bar to come that same day. Something like this. If this bar hadn't come, okay? Then, like in the case of Network, it would have come up to this point. There 's no guarantee, just because it has pulled back and it has strong momentum. Doesn't mean it will go up again today? There's just a probability, right? But the character of the stock is true: it's very linear and strong. So, this is a stock where I can play for a fast pullback. Okay? Same, suppose I'll take this one. Okay? You'll also see this whenever there's a breakout. Has it gone out with a big bus? Okay? You're using tight stop losses, right Amit ji? Especially when you're putting in trades. What are you wanting? You should take and bust immediately. If you're not taking it that way, then you're going to get chapped out. Okay? So don't put tight stop losses on stocks that don't work on that angle. Okay. Now let's take another one. Oh, sir, this Wheels 25 doesn't seem the same to me. Sorry, I'll come back in a minute. Okay. Yes, look at this, a slow-moving stock in a minute. Okay? If I break out from here, this is what 369 from April, then it's reached 600. Okay? It's what nearly 240/360, 67% up. Okay? You 're actually seeing a strong breakout here . Do you play it with a tight stop-loss and a scale-up, or can you manage it? I always chop out. I correct and see. I'll come back. Marks is like that, and Shilpa Medicare is like that right now. It's always a buy on the pullback. I have a shadow. So what you do is theorize where its momentum base will be? Look at that now too. Okay? What's my rationale coming here? Is there any absolute momentum pivot which will work in any case? It won't. And what happens with all these stocks, especially in a bull market? They'll keep moving like an ant. We expect them to work like a tiger. It won't. They'll slowly move up. And if you manage it like a tiger, you'll get out of there. Okay? Okay? So, absolute momentum has a different character. Persistent momentum has a different character. For example, if we take the example of Raymond Realty, how many bodies are there in this stock? Yes, no, but the initial move was significant, followed by a pullback. After that, this big bar has come, so entry would have been taken on it, yes correct, so here if you see, even I entered here , yes, for me, this momentum was stuck enough, if you see, this is a very stuck momentum, the pullback, if you see, shows nothing that it should not go up with the same strength, if I cut here , whatever is formed after this, what you have seen now, this is actually your antithesis, right, it will go sideways, basically you are sideways here Amit ji was anti, you are antithesis, no case would you have thought of this consolidating in this case, till now you are absolutely seeing it, but the moment you start seeing a change in character, adopt the execution, okay, this is your day five of the test match, you will not be able to play in the same way. So how to proceed in these cases, meaning if there's a stock like this, then treat it as persistent, not just one, I'll ask. Let me ask myself. You tell me, this is the end picture right now. Okay? Think of an execution pattern which will make it more risk- reward for you. If it reaches 20, buy it. If it comes around 20 on the higher end, then buy it and put a stop loss on the lower end and keep it a little deep. How will you enter, I do it manually. No, no, suppose you take this one, okay. So, suppose I see it at 568 here, then you will enter exactly at 568, not above it, but around it. As the day opens, it will unfold and then we will enter accordingly. Suppose it had opened from here, like a gap up, and after that it goes down, a big bar is formed below, then we will enter and leave it. That entry will be our fill, if we have placed it below like this, but that support will also be out, then it will work, so we will have to do a little deep stop with these, okay. Narendra Preet etc. Anything, next day after the shake, I would just enter. I will only enter on a gap up. If it opens even sideways or if it opens sideways or even below, I will not. Okay, okay, yes, there is one more option. Yes, yes, we can skip this stock. Many other stocks . They are great, looking at this [laughs] now it seems that if we move on to the other side, this stock is lying in general like a full salt, I also tried it, no, that is fine, but that is not the point, right now we are taking it for the third, so avoid it, take it for the third, so if you look at NSCL, they also did something like this, in the last one month and one and a half month it has predominantly been the stocks, think positive, think positive, positive, let's think which level was it first, NSCL, no, no, let's take it on this only, let's ask this age in the Raymond and NSCL, both are doing the same thing, but NSCL ran away, Raymond is still stuck there, it is the same pattern, we [sound of clearing throat] okay, it will also come if this breakout happens, you can see later, it will also come in the text book, someone's two mission, now I think this selling is paused and tomorrow it can gap up and just run. You know, with this stock [sound of clearing throat], let me answer the first question. Here, if you actually want to trade this stock, how can you trade this stock? So, let's answer that question first. We have to go to the day stock only if we have to trade the day stock . How would you trade this? I will use all reversals . I will look for reversal entries. Either I get confirmation about a random entry, a swing low as a stop loss, how do you know it? A swing low, okay? A random entry and a swing low as a stop loss at 20, an entry at 202 MA. Whatever it is, it is closer to that. I will make an entry and use the previous swing low as the stop loss. Or I will take a slightly deeper stop loss and slowly build my position. Okay, if I am taking a deep stop loss [sound of clearing throat], then I will slowly build my position . Deep, that means how deep it was? Rather, there are two small bars, enter above them. If it breaks the price on two or two bars. Talking about yesterday's entry, I was talking about it. We have now found out that we are now going backward because this one is the base. This one, take some more. This one also caught, this one ran away. Yes, right, let's go [laughs]. He didn't tell you, man, seriously, he didn't tell you, he didn't run away with these. He told me to execute after a 48-hour window. [Laughter] Okay. Let's take this one. Yeah. How do you play it now? I think that stocks that form a base will see entries on every candle. Every second or third candle will show entries from your own angle. And every entry will fail. Because you're looking for upside entries, as Nitin said, or someone else said, look for reversals. Narendra said that. Correct? Oh, but the stop-loss will become very tight, then very loose, or okay, then what else can we do? Take small entries and keep deep SLs. How many times will you keep doing the same? 20% with a 5% stop-loss ? Okay , so we're still having about 1% of the portfolio at risk. What impact will it have on the portfolio? Otherwise, just leave the stock or the stock that's not in our favor. So, will you leave a stock that's up 60% and for three months [laughs] we can just trail right using the 20 MA, that's enough for trailing. It just hit 20 today. Okay, if it pulls back tomorrow, you'll buy at 21. No, I don't feel like opening right now. If it opens flat or gaps down and pulls back below 20, we can just place a put entry and place a stop loss below that. It won't be cut. If it shows a slight reversal from 20, you can try placing a stop loss below that. So, place a stop loss at that low, it won't make any profit, right? I don't want anything to add to the wait for the next AP. [laughs] See, I'll wait, you'll still wait. Okay , so many stocks are moving like this these days, and we slowly build the position, like 10% or 5%. What do you think? How slow and how deep, when it keeps going up again and again, it doesn't seem like that. Let's try it in five days and see. [laughs] A small position. Okay, let me ask you one. I will forgive one thing. What is the rationale for placing your stop-loss? What is your thesis? Why do you think the momentum is anchored to a point? What is your stop-loss thesis? If it goes down from there, it won't come back up. Yes. So, for example, here, if 10 or 21 is following, the whole logic of a persistent momentum is that it is going to follow a slope line. Now, in that slope line, here too, 10, 21, 50, whichever anchor point you want to use, correct? So, will a stop-loss thesis based on that slope line be a better stop-loss thesis? Yes, I'm applying the same rationale we used in absolute momentum: demand pause, demand resumption. Okay, now the demand which is behind it. Suppose I take this point. Okay? This is a strong demand. Okay? This is a strong pause. We're okay? But the next demand recession, which has come, is not so stock. Correct. So here, when I actually trade, what is the rationale? I'm wanting to set my stop loss for? And where is my better risk-reward entry on the upside and the downside? Downside. Because if I'm setting this stop loss thesis, whether it's 10 or 21, and whatever slope the line I'm following, is that it's not going to break. Okay? And the moment it's trying to break that, what is my first thesis, that it won't break. If it doesn't break, it will reverse. Correct? And if it breaks, it will reverse something like this. Okay? So I 'm not waiting for it to break. I'm waiting for it to break and then reverse. That will also give you your title stop loss. If not, how many times will you keep on taking this 5%, 8%? If not , you want entry in the tail of the. Yes, you need something which is mathematically also reasonable, you will do it by doing 8%. You are even if you want even a 10-12% position, you will end up with 1% risk on PF. If not, you will allocate that 1% to some other stock. This is persistent momentum visible today. You must have seen it here, where you do accept demand resumption and try to shoot up. That is what these would be either because what is it right now? Now many of the times what happens is till here if you see it was still in strong momentum descent enough following a 21 okay it has based on a 50 and gone up okay my one rationale is suppose right now as Shiv ne bola na na lena suppose it comes back to 50 here what are the two things have assumed in that case okay will touch and go again that a time consolidation has happened and a 50 is a better slope line than 21 for me to follow on for the longer term. So even if it does not give me a strong entry point can I give me a good Accumulation point to start out with? We're fine. I was just looking at that last week, which one? So , your thesis for the trade is to play really long. So, you want a magnet for your trade here. Long means how long are you talking about? What? Like, you're looking at 50. If it bounces back to 50, you're accumulating on 50 and until it goes up, and the next break of 10 or 20 pence, you exit. Okay, if you want to make fast money in Bajaj Coin, etc., how would you do it big side for a minute ? Keep collecting here. How would you make big money in a quick time? Is the stock even giving you that? No comparison to your future, right? This is when you're looking at your stock. When a catalyst comes in, this is exactly the kind of move that it is going to come. If this Bajaj Coin starts showing action here, what does it mean? It's gone dead. That's your exact antithesis, that Joe Raymond reality type side. Basically, okay, so if I want to play this for tomorrow, right, I'm going to play it less absolutely, but if it starts slowing down, I need to adapt my execution accordingly. What the market problem is, is everyone is trying to play with the same stop-loss, the same breakout point, expecting the same amount of follow-through in all stocks, but stocks aren't built that way. Not everyone has a different pitch . Okay, I'll take it the same way. Like, for me, if I take a network guy, say, "This is a volatile stock right now." Or, okay? If I were to calculate its ADR from here to here, it's going to be very volatile. Okay? Kind of. So, this time for me, when it comes, is still an antithesis. I'm still expecting this to follow through tomorrow. Yes. This is an aberration for me today. Okay? I'm expecting it to say even if it plays out. I'm wanting to do something like this. This is also highly volatile. So what would I actually want to do if it's very volatile? What's the logic of VCP? It has to be volatile and in trend first, then the VCP makes sense. If you don't have volatility, what will you do with VCP? Okay? So when a pullback comes, right, pullback many times if it is coming with the same intensity will also have the higher probability to go up with that same intensity. So, as Harindra also said from last week, when we are discussing pullbacks, what are the pullbacks that you would ideally want something which has been volatile on both sides, upside and downside, something like this. So, if there is a change in character, slowing of momentum, then we have to play, meaning our meaning will have to be changed, will it be possible to intermediate accordingly? Then yes, now I go in reverse. Amit, in this, look at the participant national, the guy who is who has bought here has bought it, complete urgency is not stopped here, they have put emotion first before rationale correct, why would someone buy on such a bar, why would someone buy on such a bar only because they Think that the future value is going to be much higher. He can also see that this is very extended and there is going to be a pullback. Yes, we can see it, so why won't he see it? Of course he will see it. Okay? So even the profit booking is going to be aggressive. If both of them are aggressive, my natural correlation is that the next move also has to be strong enough. And that moment up comes more into the picture. Are we okay? So, whatever chop outs are happening, you see, most of the people, what they end up doing is they use the same template of execution everywhere mathematically, yes, tight stop loss works, but tight stop loss works in situations where otherwise the bare all is in complete pressure to act recursively, right now, right correct, so when you said Amit, suppose which one were you taking here, if the gap down happens and it comes down, then which stock were you looking at first, forget payment payment, not wheels, wheels on wheels, not even its first defense , okay, if suppose this one was being taken, yes, it opened flat, we were saying that what would have been a better situation, better situation would actually have been a gap down and reversal like how MSTCL happened, okay, that would have been an even better entry point because the upside that I could have captured on the same That would have been much higher. Abhi ye case me agar dekho agar gap up hota hai, it sounds good initially, but would it be a good entry point? The squat of a gap up in this case is a much higher probability. Right, you guys keep saying it 's better if it happens, but it's not always better. We want a point where bulls haven't shown their full hand, okay, but we're desperate. And at the first point, if we don't show our hand, we 're dead. Yes, if the gap goes down, our supply is already visible. And after that, if it depends on us, if it comes here, and the first instance of desperation that you see, and it starts going up, that is your best risk-reward scenario, that is exactly the participation discounting we want to see. So, if I look at how the first minute looked here, this opens kind of flattish. It's visible here after the first minute. Okay. It gives me a very good pivot. Right now it's flattish. I have absolutely no clue what is going to happen next. What is the only indication that I have right now? The only indication so far is that there has been a continuous pullback over the last 5 days. The opening range hasn't seen that pullback in the first 2 minutes. That's it. Other than that at 9:15 and 9:16, I don't have any other confirmation. Okay, but do I have enough confirmation that if this breaks, I get a good entry point at the start of it? Yes, more confirmation here. Okay? And this is where the 1-minute ORB can work. Okay? And when will you identify this? What do you need to enter at 9:15 and 9:16 ? You need to visualize this on the back end and see what the situation is where the bulls are right now getting to the last survival stage. This is the last threshold that they can actually get to as you write on this. See, this is the point you see. The strong pullback was in a very strong absolute momentum here. Are we right? The pullback is also just us on. Now when it gaps down and this is when the reversal happens, isn't this the best risk-reward entry point that you could have had? Yes, this is the best. Right? Now, after this, this is another Brutus bar. [sound of clearing throat] This was also a Blutus. This was also a Brutus. When this happens, this is also a Blutus. Right? So what actually makes for the better risk? What scenario volatility, contraction and expansion, back to back expansion, expansion, happens in the choppy markets? Why will people lose money in choppy markets because they will end up playing choppy stocks in an absolute momentum way? So in kind of you say that you would avoid Bajaj Coin completely, I am not saying I would avoid Bajaj Coin etc. Okay, now suppose I have a larger capital, I [sound of clearing throat] can not play absolute momentum consistently, I don't have that liquidity buffer. Okay, today, for example, I tried to play NIT last week, okay, I could not take my full size here. This is the same setup, a pullback is visible here. Okay, I played it here. I played it literally on the same way. I did not have the full liquidity, the depth was not there. I played it with half success . Okay, now what will you do when you're building up a portfolio? There are two things which are going to happen. The best way you build it in a bull market is okay. You have a core of stocks, okay, which are going to keep going up, keep going up slowly. Okay, these are not stocks which are going to give you 810% moves in a day. And I hope you do n't, like, take Tata Tech today, I got stopped out. Okay, look at this continuous move, it has been reasonably strong on a slope. Okay? I never really had to think about the stocks from the point of entry. I got stopped out today. Okay? Now you can say, from the top to the bottom, I 've lost a good 7-8%. Fair enough in a magnitude trade. I'm okay. Okay? But now if I look at the opposite opposite. This is exactly the outcome. It did very well at the start. Then I went to shit, saved my stop loss, and then it was up two days. I do n't want the stock to go up another 8-10% because then I'll be forced to sell. Okay, so you want stocks where they are and don't have to make discussions. So you'll ideally work out what the best bull markets are, right? You'll get a cool portfolio that is working in really persistent momentum. You don't need to interfere with the day-to-day. Okay, because in bull markets, shakeouts are going to be equally violent. Okay? Even in bull markets, the choppiness is going to be high only. It's not that bull markets aren't choppy. 70% of the days on bull markets are also choppy. Okay? The follow-through isn't something that keeps coming every day. Look at this. Look at the last two-three months. Tech Emata when the breakout occurred. Tech Slight The take when the breakout happened. The base when it was making a buy and then start, see this part. Every day you would have the thought of an entry here and then check this. Okay, but when it breaks out, it breaks out and then becomes linear. So this provides you with multiple entries and you can keep limiting and hold. The point is to make your execution adapted to the stock's character. Then the second question is, look Aditya, what is your objective of the trade? Okay? I want stocks like Bajaj Conte. When I do n't need to interfere, I want stocks like Start where I take in. I don't need to micromanage it on a day-to-day basis. Right now, like Parsak, what is it? Two things are going to happen in this. Okay? If I am expecting it to be high momentum, right? It's going to go up, and it's going to chop around and go down, down up? It's going to drag my attention beyond the point. Okay, now, someone who doesn't want to be on the screen, what kind of stocks would you prefer? He would want a persistent momentum stock. Right? Wealth is actually made in persistent momentum stocks. Your profits are made in absolute momentum. Because you 're trading in absolute momentum, you're trading for frequency. Right? Persistent momentum isn't going to happen often. You're playing for expectancy. No matter how much absolute momentum you create, right? You want to keep on trading again and again and again. Right? Most of the time, you won't get in a big size in there. If it's liquid enough. And if it's so liquid enough, so large enough. It won't be absolute momentum. He's giving more moves. Something big.