

--- PAGE 1 ---

All Blogs
Feedback Loops for ContinuousTrading Improvement
Trade Review and Lessons
December 3, 2024
Share this post on:
Much of our applied trading knowledge comes from the mistakes we make and the
subsequent corrective iterations, rather than from books or courses. Therefore, it is
crucial to establish a feedback loop in which we continuously receive input on our
actions and how we can improve them.
How to implement an effective feedback loop :
Most traders are able to grasp the general basics of trading (such as probabilities,
risk-reward etc) within the first few months through books and courses, which are
now available in abundance. While they may not yet have the skills to consistently
achieve superior performance by utilizing its underlying first principles, this basic
knowledge still offers significant protection against major drawdowns and the risk of
ruin. However, maximizing upside requires a deeper specific knowledge of your
behavioural tendencies and aligning them with the structural principles of the
market. Therefore, it is important to develop a feedback loop that quantifies your
actions and the processes that result in those actions.
A feedback loop is a process in which the outputs of a system, such as the results of
your last 30 trades, are fed back and used as inputs for managing your next 30
trades. Every successful scaled business relies on this process: using customer or
employee feedback (the outputs of a service, or product) to improve the product or
workplace. This leads to efficiency of each subsequent output being generated with
lower incremental input.
Feedback loops are implemented and optimized using the following framework:
A n u r a g g  V e n k a t a k r i s h n a n
Register InterestWall of Love Blogs FAQs Contact UsAbout TradeTM

--- PAGE 2 ---

Build
Build with Frequency
The first step to building a feedback loop is to take as many trades as possible,
using the basic market principles and rules that you have learned. At this stage, it is
important to prioritize the quantity of trades rather than being overly focused on
perfectionism regarding quality. This approach will guide you towards a more
effective path of using practical application to validate theory, rather than the other
way around. How to learn stock market trading means starting with velocity trades
for fast feedback, not waiting for perfect setups.
This may go against the common belief of waiting and entering perfect setups
under ideal market conditions. While it is an "aspirational" approach to trading, it is
highly inefficient at the start and often keeps you on the sidelines. Sitting on the
sidelines is a prudent approach, only if you have developed the awareness of when
to sit out and are agile enough to jump back in without missing out on too many
opportunities, which we don't have at this stage.
Build with Speed
The longer it takes for feedback to arrive, the less it will influence future decisions.
Thus, starting out with velocity trades (VCP, breakouts, pullbacks, reversals) are
easier for building than magnitude trades (IPOs, EPs). It is also viable to take velocity
trades on alternative lower time frames or other instruments (such as currency or
commodities) to build feedback loops faster.
The shorter the feedback loops, the easier it is to replan in the small - precise points
of buy, sell and size on lower time frames; and in the large - the context and
effectiveness of the setup within the different market conditions.
WHY
Every trader, in their process of development, is likely to make a broadly similar set
of mistakes and, if they persist, will also likely arrive at a broadly similar set of
outcomes. Trading is not really rocket science; it's more about finding repeatable
processes that are unique to you and developing FAITH in them. The concept of
building with speed and frequency aims to achieve the same outcomes in the
shortest possible time and with the least amount of financial risk, enabling you to
focus on better problems like scaling up.
Measure
Measuring the tangibles
One of the simplest and most effective tools to use for measurement is a trade
journal. Please note that I have used the word 'tool' for a trade journal as it is only
the starting point for measuring actions and is meant to be an input to your


--- PAGE 3 ---

feedback loop. Only maintaining a static spreadsheet to log trades and compute
ratios and averages, is a wasted effort.
I had shared a trade journal format that includes everything you need for most
aspects of your trading journey. Trade journal analysis and post reviews
transforms static logs into actionable feedback loops. It provides all the necessary
journal ratios, monthly and setup-wise summaries, distribution curve, equity curve
and size calculator. There are also many online trading journals available (I
personally like @TradeZella by @UmarAshraf a lot) that allow you to integrate bar-
by-bar replays with your journal, although the pricing may not be suitable for most
retail traders in India.
Measuring the intangibles
The mThe main purpose of trade journal is to provide insights into how the tangibles
(such as journal ratios and averages) are influenced by unrecorded variables of
your processes and market conditions. These insights are mainly derived from the
questions you ask yourself during the post-review of the tangibles.
This is only an indicative list, and I urge you to develop additional and more tailored
questions for yourself. The key to improvement lies in the quality of questions you
ask yourself with integrity and continuously experimenting on the answers.
Situational awareness in trading develops through these deep questions about
context and variables.
Learn
By consistently measuring the tangible aspects within the context of the intangible
aspects, you can gain insights that may be general in nature, but will be unique to
you in its specifics. These insights are where you will discover the maximum
opportunities for super performance and find solutions to improve in future trades.
A few insights from my earlier days from the questions asked in the journal reviews
are as below-
Q - Could I have reduced by stop loss ?
I noticed that in over 85% of cases, when the price dropped below 3% of my buy
price, it would trigger my deeper stop losses. Even if I had set my stop loss at 3%, my
win rate would not have changed much, R multiples would have been faster and
trailing position size would have doubled. The same trades would have yielded my
71% more returns than the actual returns.
Q - Could I have entered earlier ?
Although I was trading range breakouts (VCP), 55% of my winners did not
immediately become risk-free (cross 2R+) as expected according to the books. I
observed that most breakouts I entered had a tight (NR) or even a negative day
before actually breaking out. Instead of waiting for confirmation from a swing high
or a trendline break, I started buying closer to the start of the momentum. I initially
began buying based on the previous day's high, but I have since improved my
strategy to buying opening range highs. This approach enabled me to raise my
stop losses more quickly and helps me identify squats faster, especially in choppy
markets. Most importantly, it maintains my FAITH in a higher win rate system
because it aligns better with my behaviour.
Q - What is the cause of the move ?

--- PAGE 4 ---

Ready to take your trading  journey to the nextlevel? Start today!
Let’s get you started
70% of my biggest winners started their momentum with gap-ups from surprise
earnings, leading to FOMO and intensity in upmoves. This led me to focus more of
my capital on EP setups, which also suited me as a working professional and
merged well with my daily life.
 
Takeaway
It isn’t 10,000 hours that creates outliers, it’s 10,000 iterations
- @naval
 
Recomended Articles
Trade Review and
Lessons
October 3, 2023 7 mins
Probabilities inTrading - BeyondWin Rates
Trade Review and
Lessons
March 9, 2023 6 mins
Improve YourTrading Process |Step-by-StepGuide
Trade Review and
Lessons
July 2, 2023 5 mins
Trade JournalAnalysis -ImprovePerformanceFast
Copyright © 2024 Trade TM | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy