[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hi everyone, welcome back to channel. Fore luckily. and he was kind enough. No surprise. Reliance Rising 20 MAR previous chart rising 20 MA on daily entry above Narrow previous Reliance. So related how I prepare for What to trade? Please start. Good evening Manusbay and uh thanks a lot for giving your time. >> Yeah. Hi Ankhur. Uh it is an honor here to speak uh about what I do. So let me know what exactly uh you want to you want me to start with so that I can share trades. >> Basically two patterns you trade mostly. One is continuation and one is reversal. >> Yeah there are only see the stock can only do two things. It can either continue the trend like if this is a chart right can you see the screen? >> Yes. Yes. >> All right. So this this is uh it can either continue in the direction of the primary trend and then there will be at some point where the trend will peak and then it will uh it will reverse like like this. This is a trend change a trend reversal. Similarly here it was in a downtrend and then the trend reversed. So there is nothing there is the stock can only do these two things. It can either continue uh in the direction of the previous trend or there will come there will be some point where the trend will weak uh weaken and uh it will uh I mean shift the trend to the opposite direction. So what we do is what I do is basically if you see all these all these names like for example if you want me to cover any particular trade that you've seen that I can probably show that the the most famous BAC trade uh recent last year that I had uh one Yeah. Yeah. So I think I bought BC here. Yeah. This is so before I explain why I bought BSC the main point I would like to highlight is that I am when I'm trading a continuation setup I am looking for stocks which are uh in a in an uptrend like for example I I don't need to plot this line because I've been doing this for years and I without the line also I can just say that it's an uptrend. But some of you, if you're starting out, this line 20 moving average can help you identify if a stock is in uptrend. So clearly you see the line is sloping up. It's uh it's an uptrend. And then uh if you zoom in on the this part here, the price uh BC went through correction. It went below 20 MA. And uh for me this is important because without this without this uh correction we know that this market is made of different different type of personalities. Someone there are some who are long-term investors and then there are some who can hold medium-term then there are some who are holding only for few day weeks some holding for few days and there are some who are only holding for few hours to maybe few minutes. So for me people who are holding just for few hours and few minutes I know that these guys are going to sell on every rise because they will lock profit and they will book money right. >> Yeah. >> So if if these guys are involved in the trade and they they are in large numbers then every time the stock will go up it will face hurdles in going up. So when this correction happens people who are weak holders they they get out because probably let's say if someone has bought on margin from on loan or intraday whatever miser so these guys don't have the money to hold for days and especially if the if they are in losses and loss so there will be a point where their patients will run out the weakest hands will get So for me if I am someone who's looking for a situation where weak hands are out which means next time it will face less hurdles in going up. Why? Because now the weak hands are less in numbers as compared to they were when stock is going up like this. Everything is good. This is when the when all the plans that you have whatever targets you have or seventh day your sixth day maybe your patients are out is out already and you start selling off and things like that. So when this happens I know this correction is important without this correction no stock can ever go up like if you see on the journey from uh this to this correction. So this correction is healthy for the for the stock to go up because there is not unlimited money in this world. If the if stock is going up it cannot just I mean there cannot be an unlimited uh investment and the stock cannot just keep going up without these corrections. So these corrections are are are required for uh for the next leg up. So when this happened what I is about if you see the stock went below 20 MA then came back up and then for four five days formed a very very narrow range. All right. >> Yeah. about it broke out of this range and then for two more days it found another 3 days of narrow action. When I say narrow all I am trying to say is if you see the size of these bars these are very very big compared to these bars right? Yeah. So now the which what it means is that activity is not as wild as it used to be. Now it is a very tight action between buyers and sellers. Basically very dull action. So what this is exactly what I look for. I look for a tight narrow range area in a stock which is in a very uptrend where a recent correction has just happened is about for it went into another uh if I just highlight this one these two days were again very narrow things right the these two red days So now this is the kind of setup I want in my uh if you if you study my trades all my trades are available on Twitter. Most of my successful setups they look exactly like this. I can even show you more examples here. So basically the setup is uh 20 MA rising price a good rise. Some people now get into bad examples also and I'll show you bad examples. This one is the best textbook example where the there is a clear rising trend and then the if you al also want to see the buying force buying force here is in the last 3 4 months it is 44% up. good buying force also. Then there is a correction. Then the price starts coming up slowly, very very slowly and then forms two narrow range days. And when you see this, you select this setup for the next day. You're not buying it the first thing in the morning. You are just selecting it for the next day. Okay. Yes. Now let's say I have selected it tomorrow. What is that one? What is the trigger that I will buy the stock? Usually what most of the textbook most of the tech books on technical analysis or if you see YouTube videos especially even I saw these when I entered markets initially right. So which is which means that your uh buying will get triggered at 492.65. Okay. >> Yes. Now that point is somewhere around 4 and a half% away or if you've been following me on Twitter regularly I have tweeted this several times even that if you are swing trading so okay before I also I forgot that yes my because I am a swing trader uh like I take only swing trades I'm not an investor I'm not holding trades for months and years or I'm not an intraday person. People keep saying that you are doing intraday. Intraday and swing are very different thing. Intraday is when you have you are have to you take the trade with the intention of closing the same day. I am not taking the trades with the intention of closing the same day. I buy them. If they act well, I hold them. If they don't act well, I can close in the next five minutes also. So you can call it whatever. But I'm not intra doing intraday. So swing trading swing trading for example long-term investment investment limitation that it will not give you results overnight. You will have to wait for two four five years. advantage you can make big money large sums of money but you'll have to wait for four five years for that kind of money and also you have to be very right in selecting your setups right similarly intraday limit you have to close your trades by before the end of the day but upside on an average basis you'll be there will be some lucky day where you can catch a 10% move 15% also but if you've done intraday today you know that you cannot the upside is very limited and you'll have to be on the screen all the time I don't know swing trading major advantage you can make the you can make more money at less effort without being on the screen but it's limitation in any if you see study swings the maximum that you can make the stock moves uh before it starts going into correction is this much. If you study this 46% >> 46% >> around 19% >> 19% 25 26 or an average let's say 20%. So after every 20% there is a a correction sometimes correction. So after every 20 25% move there will be a correction a cause. It could it can either be a price correction or it can be a time correction or maybe both. So 20% is my upside limit on an average at times you can get 30 40 also but let's say 20% is my is my average limit% that you buy only above that you buy only above of 492 that 492 is >> 4.79% away. >> So it's 4% away 4924. So basically 20% can become really serious money if you are trading with stocks that I trade. I trade with one or two% stocks. I can make more money and I can probably enter early also before most of the people will enter because obvious now coming back to my point that BSC is the setup that I really like. Now it it is too narrow range days and the volume is also obviously has reduced. If the volume is high and the days are narrow so yeah it's not a it's not a right I mean there is something mismatch if the action is dry the whole day range is but volume is high we need day the volume should also reduce. So this is a this is a perfect setup that I wanted. So I selected it. Now my trigger is which I have tweeted also. Uh strong start is >> if you Yeah. So what I'm trying to say is my tweet was that strong start is the new breakout. So breakout is this you buy above 492. But for me or I need to ask you one thing that if you buy above 492 do you have a is there a guarantee that you'll make money? >> No. No. above this also there is no guarantee% are very less you are tracking the same stock I'm tracking the same stock so which is what you also said order fill any of them. Okay. So what I look for is strong start. So if tomorrow it starts strong, I will enter. I will enter at market price whatever the price is. I mean uh sorry not whatever it has to be within a certain range. Let's say 10% gap. Why? because if I'm entering into the middle of the moon then the whole maths is gone. So I need a strong start but not very very expensive start then the whole setup is waste. So what is a strong start? I'll show you if you see what is the closing of this day. 47245 >> and what is the opening of this day? >> 478 gap of open. >> So there is a clear gap opening. Now we againap. This is what we know. But yes, there is a clear gap of six points from previous closing. So it means there is a strong buying whatever. Why the why why am I comparing with closing? Because closing price is the price which is finally agreed between buyers and sellers or stock. Okay. >> Yes. >> Agree. >> Yes. >> Next day, next day it opened at 478 and note the main point. It never went below that price. So the buying force was so strong. Sellers maybe fle they're nowhere in the picture anymore. There is a clear gap of six points and then the stock never looked back and started going high open and low same. >> Yes. Yes. Open is equal to low. >> So it's a very very bullish behavior. This is a very very strong start behavior. So this is what I look for if there is a strong start. Now how do you know that strong start? You can't you cannot know the strong start right at 9:15. 9:15 sometimes you will the low will not stay and sometimes it can work also but you have to have a rule I'm going to wait for 3 4 minutes or something like that and then whatever falls in that rule uh in your system you take the trade So this trade it was open and same and there was a clear gap up opening strong start. So I bought it I think 1460 which was I think the high of somewhere here. So I bought it at market around 918 or 916 something. Um and my uh so I I entered I was not strong uptrend correction has happened. Now prices come back up and then goes sideways around that line. Just around that line and then gives you two very very narrow range days. But maybe closing time around 3 p.m. I would have closed it. But then the setup is still valid, right? So next report is the setup is still valid. Then finally you buy after waiting for 2 three minutes you just buy at whatever market price is and you are in the trade. The difference between a great trader and a good trader is the sizing 47%. My point is how much are you allocating out of your portfolio? If your portfolio is even one lakh you can that also you can grow faster if your allocation is very high in every trade 50% allocation or setup selection obviously before you allocate 50% you need to be really good at setup selection if your setup selection is grown you can you can grow your small account very fast if only if your allocation is very high >> yeah next thing is allocation But your stop loss is 10% away then you are risking a lot of money of your portfolio and uh into if you like lot of money will go and then you'll be very very uh demotivated and you might even think of leaving this profession. So Simple answer that you keep a very very tight stop loss. Now my when I place stop losses there is no rocket science there. I don't I'm not looking at a chart or something 1% 2% range like or maybe you can even have a low of the day 4778 or some will say but you also know it before you started trading tight stop even you used to think that tight stops of course but when When you get a hit, when you get a successful trade, it pays for all the small losers and gives you a good amount of money that you can uh now I mean that profit you can use to finance your next trades and you've seen it trade 1460 remember and my stop was 1453 the low of the day let's say 480 or stop loss 47780 which is not even 1% technically not even 1% and I remember my stop loss was only.5% on in BSC when I took the trade 5% okay so I was saying that I went in huh so I took a I took this trade with a.5% stop Let's I'm not going to paint a rosy picture. You'll make a lot of money. But let's say this trade hits the stop to you already know that let's say,000 stop loss,000. >> Yeah. But if this stock goes just 10% higher, which means how much how much I mean how many times are you going to make if you if you compare it with your stop loss >> 10 times if you 1% risk then if you make 10% I'm going to make 20% of my >> All right. So we all this is the breakout point you need to have ratio 1 is to three. >> Yeah. >> Agreed. >> Yes. >> But 1 is to3 is you can be profitable but you know with 1 is to3 there are only there is only one situation where you can make lot of money in 1 is to3 where your allocation is very very very high. B allocation 1 is to three handto-mouth you will be you will make decent money maybe not even as good as what mutual funds can give you. So if you're really getting into this business and taking the headache of going through trades and all that to 1 is 23 is not really going to uh like grow your small account fast for I'm talking especially for small account holders if you really need to grow your account fast you cannot do it with 1 is to 3. So there has to be something where your 1 is to 10 becomes 1 is to 3 1 is to 10 normally 1 is to 3 exactly in the next 3 days where is this trade from 480 it is 8% up closing it's 10% exactly move very very normal small decent size bars in 3 days the stock is 10% up what is the R potential it is 20 times your risk yes >> in only 3 days to this is this trade could have given you up to 20,000 and why am I using up to 20,000 because I'm not selling at the top I'm selling some on on the way up and then so which is why I'm telling you the real picture up to 20,000 potential trade let's say you settle down with 10 to 10 easily which is 7 to eight times or 10 times your initial risk. Now if the trade turns into a monster which it did 13% which is 28 times your risk gain. Sorry 26 times your risk gain. So this is the potential of of trading setups with a very very small stop. Small stop lets you allocate more. One second I can show you what I have already shared also this quantity calculator uh tool on the YouTube recently. >> Yeah. >> One second let me show you. Yeah. So this is the tool like for examp which is how much? >> 48 shares >> which is no 48 shares but how much allocation? It is 4.8% 8% 99 I still I'm still risking.5ocation 4.8 trades 34% 34,392 stop loss I will still lose.5 of my account but first 4800 48 share according but second case 344 share I will make money. >> Yes. >> So getting my point. So without if you're a small account person and you need to grow your account very fast, this is one way where you can with tight stops you can increase your allocation without increasing the risk on your account and uh you can grow your account faster. But all this obviously is possible because you're taking a very small stop which means the room of error is very less. You cannot make errors of stops. So you need to be very good at setup selection. You need to be very very good at that. Practice. You cannot be good at setup selection without taking trades. So basically that you need to if I you wanted me to give give an advice here the advice here is to reach a level where you can take great setups with small stops you need to practice a lot and those practice zone phase may forget about making money because you will not make money in that practice phase. take trades just to get better at setup selection and trade very very negligible amount of like small size trades so that 100% you can at least take those hits and not blow up your account otherwise practice so how will you even reach the stage where it will start finally paying you money uh like it does when I take the trade Yes. >> So this is the how I bought BSE. Any other trade you want me to show? >> Uh you can discuss any reversal trade or continuation last year where I had good allocation like for again this is you have huge rising uh uptrend buying force is also very strong. 57%. And then it goes through correction like all these four five days are weak hands are getting out and then this is a very tight closing day. Now this is not as narrow as BC example but set. No. Is it is it is it a a good decision? I mean a sensible decision. The setup is great. >> Yeah, >> it's it's still a very narrow range action day. So I selected the setup and the volume have also dried. If you see volumes have also dried in the last three days. I selected the setup for the next day and the next morning I just needed a a very strong start. Can you see the gap? Yeah. Usually the gap if the opening is here then you we all know that gap up this is a clear gap up but the gap up here >> the closing is 85 and the opening is 87 there is a clear gap of two points and then the price the low of the day never even entered previous day closing area the body of the whole day. So that's a very bullish price action that's a very strong start. It's and and you can also say the open and low are almost the same. Open is 87, low is 8660. So it's almost the same. If now leave you should be flexible to but yes it is not even entering the previous day body area and then the price just took off and after waiting for three four minutes you just buy it in don't wait for any again if you follow the books where is the buying point >> this is the buying point right >> which is >> which is which is 10% of it expensive example closer >> or where am I buying? I am buying maybe let's say here only 3%. In the next 3 days, the stock went up 28%. 28% at least let's say of the low of the day is this which is one and a half points yes one and a half points this is 113 13 113 minus uh 88 is 16 times your risk in only 3 days again solar 16 times up to 16 times >> in in only 3 days. So how are you? You're growing your account fast like this. >> But yes, there will be losers also. Obviously, there will be more losers than winners. Every trading system has every successful trading system has more losers. But still we make money because they be in cash like this 16 times, 20 times. I bought Patreon. Uh look at this. Is this a strong start or >> Yes. >> Open and low the same. There is a gap up opening. The setup is exactly like rising 20 MA. Price goes down and higher low as well. Comes back up. higher low comes back up and then gives a very uh narrow range day here on this day and next morning I selected on my watch list I just needed a strong start and it gave a strong start I bought it with 1% stop at 623 >> yes and you can see on Twitter it started trending at 662 like you said >> 66 Exactly. Yes. Yes. >> Yes. >> Um I entered at 623. >> Yes. >> My with one person stop 623 second entry 640. First entry was here. First entry was little advanced bricks which I cannot cover everything in very this short video but my second entry my second entry was 640 uh here last 20 25% 13 times Yeah, 662 obviously because they don't even know this math. So they're buying with no stocks or maybe stocks maybe with the same logic using the the difference is I'll tell you the difference between my what I'm doing and what majority are doing is I my stops are less and I'm not waiting for a box breakout or a rectangle breakout or a triangle breakout. I I look for a strong start. If there is a clear strong start, I go for it before the uh obvious breakouts will happen. Obvious breakout example breakout. Yes. explained exactly what you explained 20% last three days already there is move already% 94 they're ignoring that the last in last three days the stock has already done 20 25% it will go through a resting phase because they entered immediately they started with a loss and now the stock settled down again and yeah I think yeah this see already drawn also this is the obvious buying point you entered here this one gave in a lot of money but where is the stock now in people who are buying here are ignoring that the stock was already been running in the last in the from the last six seven days for 5 days and it's already 38% up. So you are entering at the end of the uh the swing you are entering after 38% move and expecting another 38% move. Is this normal? you study charts you don't get you don't get 30 60 70% moves in one go stock goes bar 20 30% average it usually goes through correction so your objective should be to get into the trade after a correction in the first 2 3% of the move and then enjoy the the rest of the 20 30% move you can create lot of trading strategies for yourself Yeah. So these are the continuation setups and u the other one is a reversal which is I can explain it but in all honesty it's reversals are great only when there is an extreme sell off is going on. 3 four months we have got extreme selloff days where lot of stocks 500 stocks are down in one day. Those days are perfect for >> when there is extreme numbers on your market sheet. >> Exactly. On the market sheet where you have 600 stocks down, 700 stocks down. Those are the days after I mean the next day you should play reversals in between zada reversals say and also reversals require screen time lot of screen time. So it if it if you are someone who's who does not have screen time or who someone who's doing a day job to reversals will not even suit you because uh they do require screen time but I can explain you one reversal trade which if you spot in the morning 10 15 minutes they you can add this to your u uh this trick to your uh like trading system but if you do not get this in the first half an hour or first 15 minutes then maybe you should just not get practice reversals because otherwise job if you can do it then it makes sense if you're a full-time person then it makes sense so I took this PTM trade this was the day I think uh yes uh this was the day so the idea behind is if you if you study Uh you just open daily chart of any stock and you start counting the number of green days and number of red days and and you will find a typical pattern which is when a stock moves how many days it goes up in a row >> and how many days it goes down in a row. like this is 1 2 3 three bars example because has been going down only for your example before I come back to this let me just show this on some of the name let's say T so it's how many it's five days, 2 days, 3 days. Same is true on the down side. It's 5 days, 3 days, 4 days. And to verify this, just it's so easy. Don't believe my words. Just open any chart and see verify this yourself. How many days in a row you get? This is two days. This is again three days and then a green day. So I know this behavior and this is true in all frames. You can verify even on a 60-minut chart also or a 15-minut chart or whatever frame that you like. You check this and this is true on every frame. So because I know this fact when I saw PTM I saw that PTM was down for seven bars in a row, eight days in a row. Now because I know that the average is 3 to 5 days or 4 to 5 days, this is way beyond the average swing trading average is 20 25%. Anything outside is beyond average and not likely to sustain. Similarly, and this number of days uh down in a row is seven, it is unlikely to carry on without giving a reversal in between. So J ideas are why I selected PTM for the next day. I'm only selecting it. I'm not buying it. uh this is 13 then I'll have to open intraday chart for this which is I don't know guys Oh, thank you. Oh, no. Wait one second. this 14 then. Yeah. So 13th and closing was this. This is how the stock closed. Let me remove the volume bar to for the clarity. This is how the stock closed on daily. uh the daily chart you've already seen. Now when I'm taking a reversal, I'm usually looking at a smaller frame just so that I can enter early and and then I go back to the daily frame to just uh continue the trade. I'm not I'm using only this smaller frame just to enter the trade on only for reversals. So up this is how on the 13th Jan Eve when I had already selected the stock this is how the stock looked up this is how the opening was. Now let me invert this chart and you tell me when you see this what do you do when you when you buy the stock here >> and you get a a climax bar like this. Yeah. >> What do you do? >> What do you do? >> We sell it. If you We have a >> You close your trade, right? This is the climax action. If you sell it here, if you already long, so technically I should should I not buy this stock? >> Yes. Now some will say that you should wait for a confirmation which is probably a great green bar and crossing the day high something like this is high crosso then you buy it and and they are not wrong they are not wrong you can wait for confirmations but every confirmation has a price the price here is it will be expensive by from5 it will be 21 some 15 16 points Okay. But why this why why this high? Because this is what you have read and learned all this while key there should be a green bar and there should be a high to be crossed. This is what you have learned. But I just asked you a question. If this is the climax bar, what do you do? If you are already long, you you answered that you close the trade, you sell it. >> So the confirmation the climax bar itself is a confirmation. >> Yes. So if I want to be early and make more money, extra money, so you have a choice. You wait for second confirmation. Fine, great, do it. I am happy with this one confirmation alone. And this is was my reason. You can go on this date 14th Jan 2022 on my account. I bought it at,0005 or,2 something and my stop was just random one or two%. one person support one person was my budget. I'm happy risking that much money. It could be it there could have been a possibility where it would have hit my stop and give me a loss. I'm fine with it. But on the other flip side, if it works, I will make more money than you guys will make. People who are entering on on the high of the that line, the this red line. >> Yes. Yeah. So what happened? I just entered that market with one or two% stop. I don't remember. You can check it on my account. And then the trade reversed like this. And just the same day itself this was if you want to see the R potential this R potential is it's 14 times already intraday just intraday is 14 times and I I uh I think I sold 50 60% in the same day and I was holding it. The next day I closed the position next day and uh I think I made around 78 on an average on the whole trade. Uh I was selling at every level. So yeah, I made some seven eight times on an over uh from this trade using this reversal uh method. recent uh most recent is this amber trade also again. Same logic the stock was down four days in a row and and if you include this green line, it was down In the last 9 days, it is down 37%. And out of 9 days, eight days are massive red. Massive red. >> Yes. >> All right. Not small red. Massive red. So, this was a perfect candidate for me to consider. And look at this. Strong start. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's a clear clear strong start. And within two minutes of opening or three minutes of opening after seeing this behavior a strong start where there is a gap up opening and open and low are almost the same you enter market. If you entered let's say at 280 with a stop little below the low of the day. What is the R potential here? It is 2700 around uh 280 points and the stop is only for not even 40 points around uh 7 eight times your uh risk rate in just intraday. I mean on the same day you made 7 to eight times from uh of how much whatever you risk. So this is the reversal method. But this is this method pays a lot when there is an extreme sell off going on because you will not find candidates like this in a bullish market. You will only find when the everything is cracking down. So when markets go down there is an excitement in me that oh yeah now it'll be time to find lot of reversal trades. And in my experience, reversal trades uh basically these are falling knives which a lot of people stay away from because again this is what you've read in the book that don't buy knives but because you the like newcomers don't buy it. This is what makes these trades less crowded weak hands. They're reading the books and this is what they have been brainwashed that don't buy fing. So because these guys are not in the trade so weak hands are not in the trade. So which is why whenever the stock zooms it faces less hurdle in less hurdles in going up. >> True. >> And and and another advantage is order easily >> you you said that because everyone is selling and no one's really interested in buying this stock because it's it's a falling knife. So your order it's no one I mean there is less rush compared to other trades other trades like BC and all that. So it's my order will be easily available and more and the third advantage is usually the result is intraday itself rarely it goes to the next day or maybe I'm not seeing my my average holding of reversal is just one day usually it's the by the day end it is either a hit or it is a good sorry it is a flop or a very good hit or if anything in between I usually close it. So this is how I follow uh in last three four months we've got many many reversal trades. One is this uh ember and uh I recently do you remember any I'm forgetting the names. Uh, I will have to check. Yeah, Tat is similar. It's down magnitude. It's not uh like amber but if you see the magnitude it's 23% down in so many in just few days with a very big big red days a nasa move it has reversed not as strong as amber but I recently tweeted that this much move is also uh can be 78 times your risk. I bought it at 813 with a stop of 8.25. I still hold it. I'm still holding it. It's 880. 50 times uh sorry, it's 50 points up and I got it with five point stop. So 10R from just this much. >> Yes. So if you don't include reversals in your uh in your trading system, you will be out of business in a market like this. market there are no BSC there are no med there are hardly few setups you are also watching it I'm also watching it there are other people's also watching it so everybody will place bid on them and if everyone's placing bit on them not everyone is going to get it and then there'll be weak hands also involved in it and every time it goes up there will be some selling so reversals are very important when markets are not really when the options are very less. So without this you'll be out of business. Either you don't trade at all which is also fine. Some people should do that if their uh continuations are very good and they've made a lot of money on that side then use this period just to stay out. But if you are want to have another weapon practice reversals and then you will be able to find trades in every kind of market good bad uh every market because right now markets are really bad but for me I can find reversals in this bad market so it's working fine true you are killing it with this reversal trade in this kind of market you are actually making >> money in longs in this kind of market. So that is like if someone have any question about falling knife you have already answered them all by making like by taking these kind of trade you have enough trades on your timeline and you are doing pretty good with those reversal [Applause] for example I think that you can do better and all that. >> Yes. Yes. But if if doing better is the uh is is is the suggestion then I am making more money than I was because of these reversal tricks which many are not taking because all that I think because of the mindset That is in books. You have to Exactly. You have to keep evolving yourself. get better at what you were doing or end up personality. I like this setup. I my personality is I'm a swing crash most of the time you're not in the involved in that crash you're out but it keeps your it keeps my mind stable and I'm very happy also draw downs and I know that the time will come back and I'll make if my draw downs are limited I can and I can return and bounce back very easily if my draw down is very uh small draw down 30 40 50% recover they have to the stock has to go up a just for uh just to break even. So time is money if you really if you have a small account with a limited I mean if you have limited money and obviously time is also limited if you need to grow your small account fast this is one way and uh yeah so the in there is one tweet because I know Yes. Yes. >> It's all about allocation allocation. >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> People go for multibaggers and there's nothing wrong with it. Go for it. But multibagger will change your life only if you had a significant allocation in it. It's not going to change your life. If you had a 50% allocation and then turned into a multiagger, yes, it will change your life. But what is the probability of finding a multiagger out of so many? You'll have to sit on it for many many months, many many probably years also 50% draw down it will go down also down lot of money is going down. So the other way is if you have bigger allocation and if you aim for only 20 25% moves which are more often also the probability of finding a 20% move is more than finding a 500% move in two three years without risking your portfolio too much you also you still have the chance to make good money as much as what multibagers give uh 10 years >> like like there are enough material available on internet and still people people are losing money. So can you identify why they are still losing money because they don't have risk management in place. We all enter this market thinking I also entered like this and we all are human. We think the same way but the game changes when you look down. Change your approach. Look down. Mark mini key first book trade like a stock market wizard. Go back. Go to chapter 12 and 13 risk management book. Don't start with first chapter, second chapter. Straight away go to that 12th and 13th chapter and and read about risk management. very beautifully explained key risk when you and then you will realize the importance of risk management which is what I also learned the risk management from there and now I know that I'm managing risk basically what I'm doing is when I take a trade 100 but 30s 15 times 20 times at time B was 100 times. >> Yes. >> One is to 100 years. 1 is 200 was only two months. Not even I think not even two months. 100 months. Imagine how fast you can grow a small account. 1 to 100 trades let's say 1 is to 10 you can grow faster before you reach that you like I said survive the phase where you understand what risk is manage that risk learn from there but 10 15% but execution managing ing the trade is is something that you will learn with only after you take trades or to get the real learnings and survive it that whole phase just stay small. Don't take big trades first learning 100% that your first one is only testing period after that you will have a lot of clarity whatever I'm saying today will make connect with you uh and then life to to recover uh the hard work of whatever investment you're doing in the first one. Next question. So I will not repeat that. You allow that trade to go 100 like normally like we are not allowing that trade to go to like 15 hour or 20 hour that is and when people ask you about that completely detach yourself from money. So any to to to completely detach yourself from money. >> Yes. >> You have to have another source of income. If this is your only source of income which mostly people want which is great but initial years if this is your only source of income then it is impossible to detach yourself from money because every month you need money to pay your bills. >> True detachment because every month I also have to run my house. So if you really need to detach yourself and only bat well cricket bat well don't look at the score and all that scoreboard to when you only focusing on the process when you're outside environment income set you have money to pay your bills you're not dependent on stocks for your trading for your living you can depend on it but in basically just making it 10 times difficult for yourself. Once you're very successful at after first few years, then make it full-time or honestly on my training. I also struggled a lot when I was only dependent on this when I had to hustle and find ways to at least find so much this much money that I can run my house and not depend on it. Things started working out better or this is how it is going. So to detach yourself you have to find money. You have to have a source or just focus on taking trades good trades and follow good process. But money is a is a result of that process. If the if the process is not followed the money will obviously will not be uh as much as you expect it to be. Like lastity and like because of you we all started like there is whole community because of you we started all trading like one person stops Stop loss when markets are down and setups are limited. Continuation symptoms are limited. I understand it's time per everyone's tracking the same stock. There'll be difficulty and all all that. But when markets are bullish, go back to 2020. Every day there was a breakout and 5% 10% names were so common. So this may be let's say we all are buying the same stock. How many of you are going to stay in the the in the entire move? How many stayed in BC till 100? >> True. your personality. Your needs are different from my needs. Maybe I don't want this money. I'm just I'm too in a zone where someone maybe needs this money from the trade. So even if you enter the same stock, we all do, we all will not have the same result. Wherever you can close at some other price, I can close at some other price. And then reversals if the markets are bad like what we were seeing in the last 1 month reversal candles liquidity you expl you tell me did you find any uh order filling issues in the last uh in in all your reversal trades in the last one month. No, no, this is a mindset. This thought is again farfetched. Again, I can tell you with my experience when you reach the stage where uh your order is not getting filled when you have lot of money. >> Yes. >> So when you have lot of money, I can tell you you will have experience of trading also. You'll find creative ways to find use trade. For example, I'll tell you a creative way. I taught you all how to find uh tight uh take trades with small stocks. Did I ever teach you uh going short on nifty >> or shorting uh options buying put or buying calls and all that? >> No. No. >> I I explained the concept. So you used your creative thinking and you got into Nifty. Nifty is so liquid. Nifty so liquid Twitter community is doing option writing and all that. So stage whenever you feel that your money the setup your order is not getting filled I will I can tell you that you'll be lot of you'll be someone with lot of trading experience and your creativity and if your concepts are really good obviously you will reach that stage when your concepts are really good your creativity will kick in and you will find different ways to make money so that nobody feeling is that is a good problem We can say that a good problem all these years concepts clear then you will be you'll find different ways I was trading something else in a very different way in 2016 2022 I I've never had mentor. I wish buy up trending stocks and then when they go tight on a weekly frame when they go tight you buy them. So uh okay one last question which I I ask in all my to all my guests like student of yours. See if you are a new person have a have a uh like timeline. Usually for example people who entered in 2020 easier because every stock was going up market. It is a very forgiving market. 2022 stocks are below the 2020 level. So it's a full cycle. So when I say full cycle is where you enjoy bull market then you go through a bare market where you have to keep the money bull market. He is way ahead than people who lost everything and gave it gave more also. So my tip here is that it usually takes a whole cycle to understand the market. You can shorten your learning curve by learning from someone who is doing it really well. And when you are learning from him, then you just surrender. When I say surrender, I mean he has the experience. He cannot prove the experience. [Music] probability because this is a game of probability. So the whole if you do not want to go through the uh whole cycle which usually four five it takes four five years have someone who can really guide you and then you just have that one person to guide you and then completely surrender to him and give yourself at least one year to understand this game. This is not going to happen overnight. 100% loss one year. You will be a different person and even you can answer this thing when you started whenever you started after taking a proper guidance. Exactly. After one year were you a better trader or no? Yes. >> Do you had a better concept understanding of those concept? >> Yes. Better mindset. >> Once yeah mindset. So once you have that mindset you have full life to uh to extract money from market to make money and and yes so this is my my tip here is that give it give time to it nothing is going to happen overnight and if you can have somebody or follow a book or read a book then just surrender to that method and don't question that this method will work or not because I know you you will have that curiosity like you ask me What will it work? And if everyone gets into it, you might just dump the whole uh uh the system midway and you might not even reach that end stage. So yeah uh that's it manas and uh I'll like thanks again and I'm thanking you from my side and there is one community as well who are trading with 1% stop-loss and this tightness and this uh reversal and I'm thanking you from that community as well and we highly like you and so thanks a lot for all your learnings and again uh for your time and again like which you have because I know how you trade and >> you have already shared what you shown in boot camp as well. So people can easily if they are smart enough they can easily pick it up from here and they can learn a thing or two and do well in trading. >> I just want to add one line here like you asked me for a tip. Uh like so many people have bought Mark Mina Vinnie's book and many have bought my boot camp also. I know and even he knows that uh like many years back I messaged Mark Fin and said that I all credit goes to you because I learned a lot from him and he replied that many buy book many people buy book but not everyone becomes a trader because not everyone puts in the same effort and I saw the same thing when so many people got boot attended boot camp >> only 10 15% finished the whole camp even after paying a lot of money for it >> they don't even finish it So book you will not become a trader a good trader. It is you your effort a lot lots of effort I would say it's not an easy job but once you become good at it if it it is such an easy job that you don't need a boss you don't need an office you don't need um you can trade from anywhere all you need is a good market environment and your strategies knowing which strategy will work in which market then it becomes very very you were wasting your money. I don't want you to do that. So give yourself time and only then you will start seeing results and thank you for uh for this meeting. >> Thank you master. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Anyway, [Music] heat.