Hello friends, I hope all of you are doing well. I am your friend Vivek Bajaj, co-founder of stockedge and elearnmarkets. Hello friends, I hope all of you are doing good. This video is going to be very exciting. Friends, this video is especially for those who are doing something else in life. Friends, you have been seeing for the last couple of face-to-faces, I have been talking to a few people who have been successful in the stock market as part-time traders. Few people who were in jobs, few people who were doing their own business. I am continuing the same series and presenting another video. This is a very exciting expert. Someone who has proven himself over a longer period of time. He started as a sub-broker when he was very young. He started as a sub-broker and then he decided that the stock market is something that can be done the perfect way if you do it your own way. Then he identified a space for himself. Now he is a full-time trader and he also runs a couple of other businesses. Friends, if you are not yet connected to this series, then please like this series and subscribe to our channel. I am creating very exciting videos. This is the 64th face-to-face. If you watch all the videos, then you will take stock market-oriented knowledge to the next level. Don't forget to watch all the videos. I believe that you have that cool and calm composure and you have really understood the market the way you need to make money from the market. I thought that you are actually the best guy to communicate because I know that you have an experience of the market. I know the kind of money-making proposition you have established for yourself. It is very exciting. I am very excited to record this one with you and I hope that my learners will learn a lot with your style. I will try my best in sharing whatever I know. I will try to give it back to the maximum I can. Thank you, Manas. So sweet of you. Manas, I briefly told the users that you were a sub-broker. But I want you to share your journey once again and inspire everyone. After that, we will go to the technical discussions. As I told you, I started as a sub-broker in 2006. I did this for 2-3 years, but I was only 22. Sub-broking at that young age was not very exciting. I was just making clients and punching orders for them. Maybe a dealer would punch an order for them. But there was nothing that I could control. I didn't find it that fascinating. When you are not enjoying your work, you will not continue it. At some stage, there was this thing that I have so much time ahead of me. I can go and do something else which I might enjoy. I was always interested in stocks when I started as a sub-broker. But that division was not exciting enough. So how the stocks go up and why their price goes up and down. That was fascinating enough. At that time, YouTube was there. YouTube had just started out.