Hi guys, this is a video on how I make my watch list for the next day. It's been a while since I did this video. So I will just rush you through [clears throat] the names that I find in the scan and then how do I make my final selection of 7 to 10 names for the next day. So this is a screen where I just have the moving averages 10, 20 and 50 with the circuit indicator which it tells me that if this this stock is a 5% circuit stock or a 10% circuit stock or a 20% circuit stock because if it's five then I'm not touching it for the risk management purposes. It gets difficult to manage the risk and then we have the simple volume tool by finally Nathan and this again or the turnover tool by him again and that's it. So now again the new person gets confused with which scan to run you and I've repeated again and again that whatever scans you run the outcome most of the names will be the final names will be very similar to whatever scan you run. So there are one scan is where you find stocks which have given a good volume breakout and then you add them to your list and keep tracking it for the because they don't give you entry the next day they just they just appear in the scan today and then you have to track them for an entry in sometime in the future maybe a month later sometimes two months later so there is no one scan but again do not get lost into which scan to run pick any scan the outcome I'm telling you with experience and all the members can verify this that the result is going to be the same one famous scan which lot of people use and which again if you want one scan then you can go after this that I've shown in the previous video also just go to screeners and this is a three-month performance wherein the only parameter is the stock is about 30% in the last 3 months and it belongs to only an SC exchange and the average volume of 30 days is more than 200,000 shares that's it there is no other parameter and if you just run the scan this is the result showing today is 29th September so I'm just going to do this on a back date because right now markets are bad. I'm not making a watch list for the next 2 days. Let's see if let's say today is 1st September. 29th August, tomorrow is 1 September. How I would have made this watch list based on these names. So if let's start from here. This is great stock but it's already up so many blue bars in a row. This is not and away from all the averages 10, 20 and 50. So I'm not putting it in the watch list for tomorrow. Though it is a great stock. It we'll have to keep tracking it. Maybe sometime in the future it gives an entry point. [clears throat] Next. This is clearly a very 5% circuit stock. You can clearly see it. Plus it's just one rupee. No point. Same for this. These dots are circuit. So you cannot really buy and come out of this stock very easily. So not touching it. This is what of interest to me. This is if you remember your deep dive. This is your stock which has gone up was a 5% stock 5% stock here. But you can see the circuit is just changed to 10%. And this indicates that if you go and study the history usually it results into when the circuit changes from actually the circuit is changed from 20 to 10 which is still all right. If it had changed to 5%, I would have not touched the stock. Now this stock is has just undergone 10 and 20 here and from here it's up 3 4 days in a row and then has been making a mini base right on the 10 moving average. So this is the kind of stock that I want to put it in my watch list. So I'll you can either label it or press alt + w and it goes into the watch list. You can see it has it's there in my list now. Next is BGR Energy. Again, a 5% circuit stock. I'm not interested. Then Cupid. Now, Cupid is was a great setup here. Since then, it has not really undercut it. It's up uh like from here it's up like 56%. And not even once it has undercut 10 and 20 convincingly. So I'm I would this is a great stock to track but I would put it in my watch list only after this kind of a move. I want it to undercut 10 and 20 properly so that a lot of weak hands are out and I'm then more comfortable. This is my personal choice because I've studied my trades. I make good money after a shakeout is done and then weak players are out and then it forms a base and then I select it. It was a great setup here. You can see it had recently undercut 10 and 20, touched 50 for the first time, gone up and then formed a base. Like I can probably show you. Yeah, this is a great setup. Recently gone below 10 and 20, touch 50, gone up and now making a base. Wonderful setup here. And probably why this is given a great result. But not anymore. Now I wanted to convincingly after after from here it's already up a lot. Even from this mini base it's up and has not really undercut 1020. My choice if you study my trades I only buy stocks which have recently gone below 10 and 20. So that I'm basically I'm buying after pullback is done and then the stock resumes the after this pullback is done then the stock resumes the uptrend then I'm more comfortable in putting a trade. This is a great setup. A lot of blue bars and has just based at 10 10 2050. This stock [clears throat] is definitely a strong name here. I would have put it in my watch list. I just need to find an entry reason for tomorrow. Maybe it can give a VCP on a smaller frame for SVRO. It's little wide day. It's already what almost a 4% down day but on a smaller frame it can give a VCP. So maybe pro probably tomorrow or we have to check on the hourly frame if it gets a VCP. So I'm putting it in my watch list. I've already added so two names selected and you can see it has it's not a stretch mode like cupid it's just undercut 10 and 20 and if it reverses tomorrow and if it acts wrong then I have a huge runway from here probably somewhere here it can go if it goes then I can make a good money from here so that's my thinking of how I se select names this is again a 5% stock not interested this is all right 10% But it's far away from the averages and not really a tight day for tomorrow. It was a great setup here. It was though this stock lacks a lot of blue like purple dots. Not the best of selection. If I find 10 names, I will not really select it even in this phase because it lacks like big moves. So if I already have 10 names then I will not go here. Excel is again 5% and only one rupee stock. Now this stock I've make I mean you can see huge increase in LF in the last 10 15 days. It's away from 10 and 20 all the averages. Not interested for tomorrow but I would like to track it and see it forming a base around 10 and 20 and then I'll probably buy it. This is a great stock. It has just gone below 102050 and now resume the uptrend. Like I said I am rested after the pullback is done and then resumes it. Uh it's not great for tomorrow because it's already four green days in a row. But in the coming days, I would like to I I'll track it closely and probably add it on that once the tight area is developed. Once this I it rests for a day or two and then I'll add it. Again, not interested. 5% of stock under 30 rupees. There is no tight area. It's a very wide day. Not interested. Also in downtrend. Not interested. Now this is a great setup. It has just under all the averages and bounced back and after a 16% down day. Sorry, 16% updates just down for 3 and a half%. Maybe a one more tight day I would be interested or just the net web setup. We can probably even select it for tomorrow if it gives a VCP on a smaller frame. So I'm adding it. I've added three names ready for tomorrow. Then this is again a just made base and has broken out from this mini base and is tight. is a decent at a decent distance from 10 and 20 because it has not really moved from this base. It's hardly what 14% up from this base and it's just the first base since this rally. So I'm and has now the circuit has also changed from 5% to 20%. I can I'm selecting it because it is in a very fresh momentum. It has just broken out rested for 2 days. It can probably resume and it's very tight day. You can it's almost an inside day. This is inside this and this is inside this. So back two inside is almost not perfect. So the contra the and if you go on a smaller frame you will find it VCP on this forming. If you why I can tell is because I have experience and I've traded so many names with experience you will also realize that this will look like a VCP on a smaller frame. If you clearly it's 8% and it's just 3 and a half% and then if there forms a one more contraction then it'll be a much tighter contraction which you can bid on. So I'm selecting this name for tomorrow. Not interested. too many uh blue bars already and it's away from all the averages. The angle of average you can see it's steep so I'm not interested. Same same reason again same reason up and making a base away from all the averages. I want it to form a base around 10 and 20 pre and I even prefer it undercuts 10 and 20. [clears throat] No, no setup. This is a great setup. It's not a great setup for tomorrow but maybe if it forms you can see that it pulled back undercut went below all the averages 10 and 20 and now resuming up trend and it actually it was a great setup for yesterday it has just broken out given a 6% move tomorrow if forms a VCP on a smaller frame or gives a tight day then probably a day after tomorrow can be a great setup not interested I here I what I see is that from the last [clears throat] 50 it went up then formed a base. It's actually all right but I would like to go and see other names. If I find my 10 names uh then I will not come back to this exego again. Great was great here. Now it's already up for five days in a row and then away from all the averages. Not interested. This is a fivestar fivestar setup. It's like a It has everything. It It had a huge rally. For the first time, it has come to 10 and 20 and almost near 50 and now making higher lows and has also gone very tight. It made an attempt today, but it could not sustain. So, it could be a sneaky entry tomorrow. It's a fivestar setup for tomorrow. And today was the first attempt to break out from these three range, three days tight areas. We have usually seen that in the first 10 stocks squat and a lot of weak people or inexperienced people then get disheartened and do not attempt it but the next day it clears out this range. So I'm selecting this stock. It has everything. It is huge LF so many bubble doors smooth rally first touch to 50 almost touching 50. So it's a great setup. So I've added it. It's a great setup. Pur touch stucks to 50 after this huge rally and has gone really tight. However, there is a big red day with a purple dot. So, I would like to wait out for a few more days because this weakness is fresh and a lot of trap buyers are here. So, I would like to wait out for 8 to 10 days for this day to lose any lose the importance or if this high gets taken out within the next before 8 days or 10 days. So, for now it's a great setup but not selecting it for tomorrow. I would track it closely. This is not a fivestar setup. The deep dive setup it's hard. There is no rally. It's just also there there are no dots. Probably once it reaches does something and then probably then I'm I would show interest. Not at this moment. Same thing. Great setup but away from all the averages. So it was a great here. It was a great setup here. You can see it was resting at 10:20 and broke out again. Great. It was great day before not at this moment. No. This is your five-star setup. Huge rally basing around 50 moving average and now has resumed uptrend making higher lows and has gone really tight in the last 3 4 days and is just at 10 and 20. So if you buy here and if it starts moving you are buying a young name which and which has the potential to give you a move like this. So I'm selecting it for tomorrow. Huge LF increase huge volume liquidity is there. Everything is there. I bought the stock here. So it's not you can see now maybe you know what kind of setups I like up and then basing at 1020 and then I entered around here. It's not [clears throat] announcing it for tomorrow. It's away from all the averages. No. No. Again. No. The last undercut 220 was 10. 10 was here. It's basing. It's again not my favorite setup. I would go and check out the names. If I find 10, then I will not select it for tomorrow. No, it's a good setup, but it is a very it's just for 14 rupees, 17 rupees. I am not interested in this name. Create setup. Yes, was here. It has just broken out. Now, I would like to see if it forms another tight day for a day or two. Then I'll select it. But not selecting for tomorrow. No, because it's illquid. Just the you can see the turnover is just 1 cr and no blue day purple dot days and I don't see any huge rally clean lockout rally it's so choppy not interested this is again your fivestar setup huge smooth rally this is the lockout rally I just pointed lockout rally is where stocks keeps going higher and does not give you a chance to enter so that stock pulled back gone below 10 and 20 and has crossed this purple dot already with so Now it's a valid. We can ignore this day. And has gone really tight. And you can see the smooth trend. Came to 50 near 50 and bounced back within 3 4 days. Five star setup. So I'm adding this one. No. Away from all the averages. No, this is also a good setup. But it moves. And if I look at the size of the bars, it's a very slow mover. Again if I have options petrol options I will go there and not come to this. This is also not a stock which is leading the move right now 5% circuit stock away from all the averages. Great stock momentum leader clearly leading the market. You can see this is a 6 months history. It's right at the highest but right now it's away from all the averages. So I'm not interested in adding at this point. This is a great setup. Came to 50 for the first time and you can see smooth rally came to 50 for the first time and now has bounced in just 2 3 days. Not adding it for tomorrow because it was already what 7 8% up today and then 4% here. So I don't want to buy on the third day after already what 10 12% rally. So I would see if it forms a tight range for a day or two but then probably add it. Not great setup, five star setup but not adding for tomorrow. No again was a good leader but now it is in five person circuit range. You can see it's mentioned here and so I would like to first do some show some momentum and then probably I'll see I don't want to be the first buyer to the party. I don't want to attend when there is no party. let it show some movement and then go tight and then I'll probably add or maybe consider sorry [snorts] [clears throat] 5%. Now this is a great fivestar setup again huge rally coming to 50 for the first time but there is a red purple dot there has gone really tight I would like to see this day to be crossed or wait out for 6 7 days before to ignore so that I ignore this day not keeping it for tomorrow but this is a great fivestar setup for the coming days [clears throat] again that's just broken out from this base and so right now this stock is in fresh momentum but I don't want to add it after it's up this much. I would like it to rest for a day or two more and then consider it. Again, not a momentum leader. There is hardly so many better names available right now. Again, 5%. 5%. This is a great setup. Huge smooth rally, lockout rally, and then pulls back, goes below 1020. And after this red dot date has gone really tight again. And I would like to wait for three four more days before I ignore this day or the high gets taken out and then consider it. Fivestar setup not for tomorrow but for the coming days. This is a great setup part of auto sector which is leading the market right now and has just gone below 10 and 20 and after undercutting it started resuming at a this is an inside bar which is completely inside it. I'm selecting it for tomorrow. [clears throat] could be an SVR entry tomorrow or a VCP entry tomorrow. Entry reasons are so many. You just have to focus on selecting good setups and then probably look for entry reason the following day. This is also not a momentum leader. The rally is just we have better names. Why do I need to go to a name which is not really leading the momentum? You can see it's not at a 6-month high. Also, it's just 30 rupees and illquid. For a 30 rupees stock, the volume of 3 million is nothing. We have seen stocks with it's priced at 500 800 showing this kind of volume. So this is you can see the volume liquidity is not best [clears throat] no fresh momentum circuit change to to 20 from five and after you change it to 20 you can see the breakout is coming not for tomorrow because it's already 13% up today but it's a setup which which could develop into a fivestar setup if it goes tight. Why not? Great setup at a six-month high huge rally away but away from all the averages. So in the coming days I would like to see it. It's again a fivestar setup. Not at the moment though. Not the best setup because not many blue bars. Not no lockout rally. It's a very choppy rally. It changed from 5 to 10 and has gone really tight. This is the lockout rally, but it's very liquid and it's low price lock also, so not really selecting it. So, this is how you make a watch list. I've already added some these many names and that's how I make my list every day. And you can play around with the scan. If you find your 10 names from here, great. Otherwise, you can lower down this value to maybe 20 or and also if you want young moves or fresh moves, stocks which are just broken out because you can see these names. The names in this scan are names which are which mostly have established trend where tenant price is about 10 20 and 15 most cases. But if you want young names which have just recently broken out which the downside is that they lack the trust because they've not really stayed in trend for 3 months. But again you want to if you want to keep a track on young names then just change the this 3 month to 1 month and requirement of 30% to probably 10%. And now you have more names. So just do the same and make your list. If I prefer 3 months, if I find enough 10 names from 3 months, then I don't need to go down to this much. So this is how I make my watch list. If you have any questions, please use the club channel and let me know. Thank you.