Hi guys, this is another video of trades of the week. I'm covering these six trades that I took in this month. And across all these six trades, I will show you my focus on uh how I managed my risk. So, I've been posting this message almost every day and there is this message that says I'm a risk manager first. So, it's not just a statement. I'll just explain you how I managed my risk across all these six trades which created space to create more trades and without basically without putting any stress on the portfolio. So, I will explain you the reasons of taking the trade. The reasons are pretty common across all these six names and most of you also know but I'll still just complete the reason but my focus on these six trades is how I managed my risk which you can use to manage your trades. So the first trade is NFL and I bought it on this day. So just let's study the setup first. So before selecting NFL, NFL was you can clearly see it is our bread and butter setup. It goes up, comes down and is now making higher lows again and it's hovering around 20. Some people say that it's below 20. It doesn't have to be above 20. It can be below 20. Moving averages are just a reference line. You're trading price. Focus on what the price is doing. It is now after making dropping. Now it is making higher lows and has got really tight. So it's hovering around 20. It's acceptable. The overall trend in the stock is positive. Then you can see that it has multiple blue bars. Consolidation quality is clean. And then look at the liquidity force too good where you can see that it jumped from from 34 to 250 almost 50% jump in no time and has been consolidating. And on this day all the fertilizer stocks NFL RCF fact they all looked the same. You can see even RCF was hovering around 20 with same liquidity for same quality and I had RCF also in my watch list. I shared it with you all and fact also looked exactly the same. So why I bought NFL and not fat and not RCF is because next morning when one second. Yeah. So next morning it gapped up like this and within 3 minutes the hour volume was 10%. Whereas in in R in RCF in fact it was not as this strong. It was good but not as good as NFL. NFL was up also more more than RCF and fact was. So clearly NFL was leading out of the three and which is why I bought. So some people ask me why not RCF and why not fat. The answer is pretty clear. Anything which is behaving strong I will go with that and not with something which is not behaving strong. Then [clears throat] right after my entry this is how it fell I bought at 99 and you can see within few minutes it touched 10 almost 103 so it was about 34%. And my stop loss was when I bought it 99 my stop loss was 2%. So you can see a 99 rupee stock went up almost four points and my stop loss were 1.8. So I kept moving my stop loss by 50 50 pesa after every 1 rupee rise. This is how I was managing my risk. So my objective was as I keep saying the objective is to somehow bring the stock to break even as the stock is moving in your favor. The objective is to bring it to break even after 67% move. So a 99 rupees stock went to 103. So I did not bring I did not bring it to break even but I had started moving let's say if I bought at 99 and you can see the low of the day is 9780. So I moved my stop to by 50 pesa say 9830 and then it moved another one point. and then I move to 98 uh 80. So that's how I so [clears throat] if my original stop is let's say um I lose 1 hour after every rise I as I started moving my stop to by 50 pes in my favor that 1 hour is now reduced to let's say 54.3 so basically if I lose now I will not lose the full R I will lose only less than the original risk R is the risk here if somebody does not know what R is the risk original risk so if you were let's say losing 10,000 rupees on this trade originally and now you're moving stop in your favor by 99 say 100 to 101 to 102 so stop BI was raising by 50 pesa on every 1 rupee rise so now the original risk was 10,000 and maybe now you if it hits your stop you will only lose let's say 2 3,000 rupees so that's how you manage your risk and that's how you create a space to buy another position and it it in fact made a new high 103 so this trade was almost like from original 1 hour I brought it down to 0.25 25 hour or something to original just it was I had reduced my risk drastically with this move in my favor and [clears throat] then this next morning also it went up really well 10436 but under market pressure it came to my cost and I was out with a very little loss so original loss was 1 hour but I got out with much less than my original risk and that's how I managed my risk which is what I say that I am a risk manager first if the trade goes goes up in my favor, I will make lot good money like data matics did never hit my stop. So my job is to control the risk and hope to catch a trade like data matics where it finally pays off [clears throat] in the next trade. Radhika Joltech I bought on this day. So let's just study now this is how the setup was and you can see that now again I keep getting this question that it is in such a deep downtrend why are you selecting a name like this and I clarified this in April 20 or April or May this year's Q&A that we did that you don't have to look at the full history just open last 6 months and now we are in July so it's 7 months if you see do this year to date it's last 6 months history now you tell It's a flat base. It was in downtrend for 50 days and then for the same amount of bars it has been sideways more than that. So this downtrend is followed by the same number of sideways bars. So now the downtrend is over. It in fact is now a flat base and you can clearly see that it gave a flat base breakout also. Now understand that downtrend if the stock has spent the same amount as much as the downtrend has been then downtrend is not a problem anymore. All right. So then [clears throat] you can see that there is a huge jump here. It's 18 million volume. The liquidity first jumped from three on this day to 14. So it's about almost a five times jump in liquidity which means sudden interest has come on the stock. That stock went really tight on this day. It's an complete inside day. You can see the volatility is just 4%, whereas the volatility here is 16%, so it's a VCP. So it's a 16% wide day and now you're down to just 4%. So that's a good 60 70% drop in volatility and that's why and you can see the day is also very tight. The next morning it gave SVR and in fact it had everything in the morning itself in the first bar itself it was a good 20% 30% volume I did not buy I could not buy this trade in in the morning I in fact bought it around the in the second session which is like the afternoon session otherwise it was a valid trade here also at 98 I bought it 102 and I'll tell you how it was actually just of VCP on the hourly chart. So you can see that I just on the daily itself I showed you that how it was a VCP second. So on the hourly this is how it looked. There was a from highest point to the lowest point there was a 10% drop and then after that this is the next highest then there was a 4% drop and then from here it is VCP in the making. It's as of now it's when I saw this and I saw that it was as of now it's 2.4 and there are two possibilities. It can continue to drop then the whole VCP gets destroyed then there is no trade. But if I assume that this is the lowest and it does not go below this and in fact now it takes out the high then clearly it is a VCP in the making. I can place my bid and you can see it's 101.94 and I bought at 102. So my bid was just above this and I got this trade at 102 in the next bar itself and I then I did the same story here how I managed my risk just like I managed in the previous example right after I bought it 102. You can see it went to 107 on the same day itself. So I had a 2% stop. I started moving it in my favor by 50/50 on every 1.1 1% jump. And then original stop was I think let me check. Yeah. So I bought with a 2% stop which was close to about 100 and because it started moving in my favor it was almost I almost brought it to my cost but the next day again under the pressure that we saw on Friday on this day I got out almost around my cost price. So I placed myself in a position where I could have made good money if the whole market environment supported. But as soon as the market turned around because I had managed my I did not lose much in the trade. So another example of how managing risk is. This is RHIM. Same story. I bought it on this day and same you can see that there is a huge jump in liquidity. It is I got asked the same question on this top also that it is in a downtrend. Why are you selecting in a downtrend? If I see the 6 months history, this is what I see. Do you now see a downtrend? Just look at last 6 months history. Is this a downtrend stock? No. All I see in the last 6 months is it is now in uptrend making higher lows now making higher lows. Lot of blue bars and liquidity pressure is there. Huge volume is there. You can see just look at the number of the volume coming. It's 7 million here, 22 million here, 10 million and then look at if you or somehow we end up missing the numbers. You just look at the graphic here. It's huge pressure. It's from here it has gone to from 12 it has touched 102 almost what 10 times. So [clears throat] that stock was really tight. Next morning there was SVRO and I got in at around 498. This is where I bought the trade and as soon as it started moving in my favor it went to almost what 530 also. So I bought at 498. It's at 5:30. My stop was 488. I started moving aggressively toward my towards my cost. And after I brought it to almost my break even level, it touched 532 here. And then yesterday under pressure, it hit my break even cost. So I'm out of this trade. But the lesson here is I positioned myself to make good money but I got out as soon as the market pressure kicked me out of from the stock. So I did not lose uh much here. Another riskmanagement example. Next trade is Shriram Property. Same story. We can see that it was just look at the last 6 months history. It is not in a downtrend anymore. It has been trending up. Huge jump in liquidity. That stock has been tried and next morning there was SVR. Sorry, this was not an SVRO trade. This was a VCP. This is not a clean VCP example, but good that I'm covering so that you know that not every VCP is going to be as clean as the Radhika Joltech example that I covered. So the VC here is this is 11% down. From here the highest point is this. Then it's 4% down. Then it's from highest point is this. This is your tightest consolidation. And I can show you again that you can clearly see that it really really tight around this point. And my bid next morning when it broke out around uh I saw it in the like around 1 p.m. And [clears throat] I bought it and as soon as it moved in my favor, you can see I bought around 97. Let me check. Yeah. So I bought around 99 it went to I think the highest it went was only this but because it a 99 stock moved to 102 is I moved it I started moving my stop by 50/50 as a point and finally I my trailing stop got hit at yeah this is the highest point it made so from 99 it goes to 103 my stop was around 96 and because it started moving in my favor I started managing my risk and my objective was to bring it to my cost as as soon as as much as the stock allows I finally got out around 97. So the original let's say stock was 1 hour I lost 7.7 or 65 from it. So another saving of these small savings will add up in your P&L and it will make a huge difference overall. Then the next trade was Aeroflex. This is another in the same risk management example. I bought it. This is how the trade was. And look at the 6 months data. This is how it has recent it recently jumped crazy. You can see the look at the volume. It's 64 million 65 million on this day. 75 million on this day. So in 2 days the liquidity jumped from 15 to 135 10x and in next 5 days it's 185. So huge interest by some big institution or a big player and that stock was this is how it was it touched 20 and some will say that it's not tight why did you consider it then I would like to remind you all that tightness is not everything it's the overall setup I pay importance to the setup tightness is just a entry area that you can enter sometimes the stocks will not be tight and next morning you can get still get your SVR or maybe you can get a VCP in that stock on a smaller frame look at set up it. It was tight here. Moved up again, touched 20 and because of this reason, this increase in liquidity, I wanted to give it a try and keep it in my focus list. Next morning, next morning, this is how it opened and I bought it. I bought it as an SVR trade above this high. You can see it opened and closed. It opened within but it closed outside the previous day value. And I placed my bid above this high. I got in. I got at 213.65. 65 and then it immediately moved to 227. So I follow the same as soon as it started moving well in my favor. I started moving a stop in my favor and a 213 stock goes to 227. I brought it to my cost and I think I got around 214 on the same day it got ited really hard. So the trade ended up at about a break even or very minor gain for me. So the objective of this whole video was I covered all the examples. My my emphasis is not on how I entered this. Now by now you it should be clear to most of you or if it is not clear then just go through the same video. There are many other previous examples. The objective was to cover that how you how I manage risk and how you can manage the same way so that you reduce the risk on your portfolio reduce the stress on your portfolio and at the same time this helps you in creating more positions and which is probably why you will see me taking big size positions because you think I'm risk buying positions back to back but I'm just managing risk and placing myself in a position where if things work out in my favor it'll work out in a very huge way if they don't work out in my favor I still don't lose So that's what I wanted to cover today. If you have any questions, let me know in the club channel and also share what you've learned from one key takeaway from this video mentioned in the club. Thank you.