Yeah. Hi guys. Um this is a new video on um studying the best uh performing stocks uh that we saw in the last two months the rally that we have seen which started from 7th April. Um I'm going to study the best the stocks that have uh delivered the best moves and to define best moves I've just simply taken the the the value that these stocks have I mean by how much amount they have gone up. So to find out the best stocks what I did was I just opened this screener and this created this performance over 3 months and it's very simple just go to screener and then put market and performance of 3 months above 30%. Why I have taken 3 months? Ideally, it should be 2 months because it started from 7th April. But you don't have that option here in the manual setup. It is only 3 months or 6 months or 1 month. There's no custom option here. So 3 months above 30% exchange NSC and then this volume criteria to filter out the illquid stocks though there are many illquid stocks even after this filter. So you can play around with this number. So what I've done is this is the result and um this is the performance. So I've sorted in the descending order and basically this means this is the best uh stock it delivered for 59% in the last 3 months but it may not be uh so let's just study one by one what they had in common and how we can so watch this video till the end how we going to use this information because this is in hindsight it's easier to study But there are the using these clues you can identify because now again we are coming down in the last two days to two three days we have come down. So in this scenario how are we going to use this information to find the future best performing stocks and and hope to be in one of them. So yeah. So now let's study this. So I'm going to compare the performance of this stock with the index. And uh the first one is KCK. it. You can clearly see it's not the type of stocks that we can trade. It's completely um illquid and erratic. So I'm not going to study this. I'm only going to study stocks which we can actually like which meet all the criteria and we can trade uh we would have traded if uh if we were here. So next is this. This also on 7th April on this day was only one second. Yes. So this even the second one we would have not traded uh because around this time it was only 20 rupees something and I don't trade um stocks below 30. In fact, I even avoid anything less than uh 50 also. But I've traded 50 but 30 and below I will not I don't really touch them. Uh next is this again illquid. Then this is one that I find liquid enough. So let's just study uh this stock. So on this day when the index actually made a gap down and then it was a oops reversal day and immediately reversed. This is how the stock was. It was already leading the market on before this day. It was already leading the market and under market pressure it also gapped down but you can see uh the angle is much better than the market and in the next 2 days this is how the index was and it recovered quickly. So this is clear clear relative strength. This is the kind of stock. This is the kind of uh name that you should be that should be in the focus list. And many beginners do this mistake of running after scans running scans every day and then you lose focus of that Krishna uh was showing relative strength and you go after the scan and this and you forget about it. So clearly you can see it was doing better and not just once when there was a second gap down in the index on uh I think 9th May week this day when again there was a second gap down you can see the performance of the stock. So if this stock if you remember this behavior you will know that whenever Krishna goes tight again I should try to find an entry position in this stock. So if let's see like here it was tight and then maybe on this day if you had a SVR trade so you could have entered here this is how it is behaving even in the last this bad now it's already stretched so I will not try to buy uh I mean now it's already what some 200 and it's 500 it's more and 100% up. It needs to be rested. But this is how you find future leaders. And I've we have done this study earlier and there are videos in the library. But again, I'm doing it after a long time. So just pay attention. The next name is this is also um not very liquid but again uh you can study it. I don't find it very very liquid. For my taste, maybe it is depending on what your account size is. You can trade it. But one more qu one more uh clarification here. It doesn't actually matter what your account size is. If you really want to follow the institutions, you need to be in stocks which are really showing volume in millions like 5 million 10 millions back to back does not matter if you if you have a small account and if you're trading illquid stocks and stocks which do not have institutional volume then you will not get uh big moves there. So what is the the point is that you are following big players so that you can really get that 50 60 70% uh movement there. This is also again you can see it moves completely in circuits only not the kind of stocks that we can trade. This is also same story circuits. So moving to I will only study move to the ones that are actually um that have shown u like a liquid behavior. This was clearly not a setup um around this time when the 7th April when the gap down was there. So again I would have not traded this. Not many verbal days. Not the kind of so this is 7th April gap down and you can see the behavior on these on the uh this stock showed in around this time not the best example as compared to this one but maybe in the second let's see how it did around the 9th May gap down on 8th. This is how it was and on 9th you can clearly see it is way above the 21 moving average and showed relative strength. So this is the stock that in the coming days if it had gone tight should be in the should have been in the priority list. Next is again very uh illquid. Maybe you should play around with this number and increase it to 200K or 500K. Yes, this one is liquid. And you can see that on 7th April, this is how when the market bottomed uh when the market gapped down and made an reversal day, this is how the stock was and it ended up delivering this kind of return. GRSC defense stock, everybody knew about it most on Twitter and in fact many in the club also traded the defense stocks. And you can see how they were on around this time they were already you can see they were already leading the market 20% up here and 5% up 20 and then within 2 days they recovered here the recovery is not uh market is still below 21 DMA sorry 20 DMA and here they're about to almost cross and in the around 9th May on the 9th May gap down you can see there was hardly any as if nothing happened. This is that oops reversal day nothing happened here. So GRSC keeping this in mind GRSC should have had the I mean should have been given the priority and in the you can see entries here and again I'm not getting into the entry points but you I'm sure it offered more entries in the coming days. So when one more I mean look at yourself. Look at the relative strength. It broke out in these three days. Came under pressure but did not really uh you can see on this day hardly any this behavior and then quickly recovered and and the second gap down had no impact. ninth May in fact it made a new high sorry it moved towards new high and you can see that impact so again relative strength so my the what I'm trying to stress is that they were resisting the market pressure and market bad market is the only time when you can find out uh stocks how stocks are going to I mean what kind of behavior they are showing in the leading I mean when the markets are already very strong that's not the best time to find relative trend Because in that time anything even the weakest stocks also start moving when the euphoria is there. But bad time is the best time to find out the stocks that are actually resisting the fall and you can keep them. And when you finally have a good list of some 20 30 40 names which are liquid which are showing relative strength then why do you need to run scans? Why do you need to go after scans? You just need to position yourself in these stocks. Five names, 20 30% allocation and just try your um your your luck there. Scans make you lose all these focus. Uh again, this one also you can see. You can see around this time it was making new highs and here it gave you on this gap down day. Oops. Reversal. our power. I had this position and uh see it yourself on it gapped down on 7th May 7th April but within 2 days it was above 20 DMA and here it is not and then in this time it was within 2 3 days again it went really tight BC look at self here. Here these it was making circuits on this gap down there. It was already leading the market in this phase. data patterns here and then 9th may gap down. Intellect no relative strength around this time but in this gap the next gap down you can see that it was showing relative strength. In fact, this whole period when the market was coming down, you can see intellect was going sideways and inching up. My idea of making this video is to make you realize that scans are overrated. The real hard work, real work is finding names and making your focus list by just praying that markets go bad. And in that bad market, you sharpen your skills and prepare your list for the next to find the next big names. No relative strength here, but in the second gap down, you can see that it started moving in. In fact, Camelin was doing much better than the market in this period. You can see that it was coming down, but camel was going up. DB Reality all these names I've actually given you can up 60 60 70 80 90% up in the last 3 months some of the names I had mainly the the defense names but this is how you this is how I found Zentech this is how I find here uh found names in in this time and now Again we are coming down. You can see the index was down 3% uh sorry 2% today almost 2% today. And again the same phases started. So how are you going to use this information? Just find out names which are now doing the same what they did around and they should be young. Again, you need to find stocks which are at their seeding seed stage and uh not like something which is already 100 102% and up like defense names are mainly already 100% up. So you need to find names which are again coming out of base and showing relative strength like for example um it names like you can see last 5 days market is going down but it's going up and these are young names it names mostly uh are young and showing relative strength. So this is how you make your focus list and and not lose uh I mean not go after scans every day. And one more tool I've already given to you in the tool section is this sector performance. And once once in a while you should pay attention to this also to find out which sector is actually leading. And if you notice here in the defense how to make it is already available in the tools. Just copy the layout. Otherwise you can just add one index the line chart and then add compare. I mean if you don't want to go through this work just copy the layout that I've shared there otherwise you can just add compare symbol and add as many as are there and if you notice so I've opened u so this is like 2our chart last 6 months period three 1 hour chart last 3 months period and if you notice somewhere Pure. It was clearly visible that this is the uh metal sector here and sorry one second This is where the clear indication came that defense the top line is leading the market on 12th May 12th May 13th May period clear indication that we are way above other everything I mean it's doing everything that we want it's it's com I mean if I compare it with the other uh stocks it's doing leading the market and then if you go to the stocks in the sector around 13th May is you can see how many entries just go and study if you found entries or if you knew this information at on 13th Okay, coaching ship here. This is the trade I took. This is the trade I bought. One here and one here. Um 13th M this 13th 14th M is after that this 16% trade here. So knowing which sector is leading can give you an edge. Finding making a focus list of stocks which are actually um showing relative strength can also give you an edge. So right now we are in a again markets are coming down and this is the time when you need to do this exercise and keep your list updated with stocks which are with with the first try to find the group. How do you find the group? If you have many names from one sector which are showing relative strength clearly you have a group strength like for example it is a clear giveaway it is showing relative strength. So the focus should be that you do not miss this upcoming rally if the markets stabilize and again makes a bottom like this bottom like this then it should be the priority because the group shows relative strength similarly you find other names also then I think auto also you'll find many names in auto that are showing relative strength. So bad markets should be embraced to find the next leader so that you don't miss this money that you can make. And many many members here in the club have made stock like 7 7 10% return on the portfolio from one trade and I'm sure you can verify that that name would have had relative strength around that period. I think somebody made I'm forgetting the name but you can you can just go and verify the best winners or add this trait. So this is what I wanted to um cover. If you have any doubt if you whatever your key tick let me know what you learned from this video. If you have any doubt you can use the club channel and uh let me know. Thank you.