Where you scan like a swing trader, enter like a day trader, but hold like a positional trader. Nice! In just seven or eight weeks, almost everyone has started anticipating this. Everyone was just looking at the tightness. One reason for doing it again and again is that when we did it the first time, we didn't do it from the perspective of entries. At that time, we didn't read the entries. At that time, we were looking more from the perspective of participant behavior . Now we have read the entries. So, our job now is to apply the learning here so that we can actually put into practice what we learned here. Here, if you see the previous two three candles, these are supply candles. OK, if it's a muted candle, no, after this, we're okay. That doesn't indicate a demand resumption. For me, it's the supply getting slower. Correct, the only way I can get an entry into this. Okay, would anyone want to make a second-day entry here next year? And would anyone have entered today, since it's turned down? Would anyone want to enter today? Okay, would anyone be interested in buying on this gap-down reversal? At its high, we're actually at the goal point. Yes, and what has happened is that as much as it was rubbish, it's correcting that in a way. [Music] So, this is the status of the stock. From here, it's had some run in this area. And then we had this fall, and the stock is lying dead here in the market. This is the situation here. So, okay. What do we have to do? We have to ban VCP. Criteria: Yes, first or ban, let's see for now. Let's ban it. I think we'll find it in Nalco . It's not like that. Let's do it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, no tight area entries. Let's find entries which are not in tight areas. Like this, or yes, valid, no, if I don't red mark and don't know about VCP, what would you do by breakout? Yes, that would be very simple, like something like this, or I'm just telling you what I used to do when I just started trading, so this came to my mind [laughs]. No, we can do all of these, otherwise it will be a little difficult in the beginning, let's do it. Okay. Okay. So, generally, take all types of entries. Yes. Okay. Then next week, when, what if, whenever we do this, then we can take this without criteria. Okay. Right now, this stock will be on someone's radar. The first time, I wouldn't consider this a valid entry under any circumstances because I don't think anyone is watching this stock. But now I think you guys are watching this stock. Right? Is it valid? Okay, so now you guys start looking for an entry from here, at whatever valid point we can enter. Right, we're fine. I'll move on. Yes, yes, okay. Nothing. Right now, the stock isn't running, no one can dare to buy. Here, okay, the first red bar, okay, firstly, is the buyers made for everyone. Yes, it's bullish, right? Yes, Shrikant ji, bullish. Yes, so the question is, when our third bar came, it opened and closed above the high, that is, it closed almost above the close. So, we can't see an entry here because we had three scenarios. If we look for an entry, we visualize it: either a gap down, or it opened in the same area, or it opened above the previous close. So, if it opens above the previous close, it means there's sufficient demand. What would be a challenge? If you're buying on your third day, sometimes it's a problem that it might spot you and then come down. This would be a challenge. If it goes down now, you're feeling that the stock might go up. Now, look, your day four also opened high, right? Yes, yes. If I take it to 1 minute. Let's say I enter it for one bar at 1 minute. Right? I've done aluminum. Okay? So, look, in the first minute, you 'll see this. You'll say you can enter at a high. A red bar has formed here . But what's happening is that it's very extended. Although I don't think you 'll get a fill here, it's very extended. But such a possibility is possible here too . So, there's no point in going for it. You can take it, Shrikant. Your only objective has to be the short- term downside. You have to trail very fast. Yes. So, as we do these EP trades, you can do it. It has to be a scalp trade. Yes, scalp only. If it works, fine. If it doesn't, yes, they can do it. There's no problem with that. In fact, for scalping, the stronger the momentum, the better. Yes, isn't it? In fact, most of the scalping trades are done after day one . Very rarely, scalping trades are actually done on day zero. So, you 'll start seeing strong gains after the first day. Yes, enter a simple 4% gain, and those who are up 4% today will be your scalping trades for tomorrow. Okay. Okay. Let's move on. Yes, okay. It's not possible for anyone to enter here right now because it's a single day correction. I don't think anyone wants to buy. Will anyone buy? No, no, no, okay. Okay. Another red ball. The credit bar is fine. Where to enter, I'll press alt. Okay. Now, is anyone looking for an entry? Yes, if it goes up, or if it goes above the second red candle, it's because they were already a little long. They may have booked a little profit. That's why we're seeing these two red candles. So, there are two possibilities: if it goes down and comes back up, it means it squats, goes down a little, and then extends. After that, if it does, I think we can visualize an entry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Are you thinking about an entry here, or is the stock too extended? Still a bit extended, I think. Today has been a squat. If you actually look at today, it's a squat. It's not good. I think the second half will most likely be selling. So, only if you get a strong start, that weak play entry we were talking about, I think we'll work here better. We have a weak place, this one yes yes yes yes so it is actually a big play here but I think this stock was a bit extended if there is a lot of momentum then it is a different matter otherwise generally I would wait for the 10 MA to catch or it would have been better for me that I have for this I have been a good scalping trade also and also since this is a very large cap stock I don't need a tight stop I can I don't need a loose stop loss I can keep it very tight yes yes okay let's move ahead yes in fact Dushyant these are trades like this right when we were talking about this this entry was the ideal entry for you in KS we have strong momentum pay you are seeing a squat on your previous stand a reversal when you are seeing scalp means you are selling on the same day only like at means taking two to three hours like that and getting out or or Scalping is letting go of the big upside, yes, but what kind of thing are you doing? Looking at an hour or just looking at anything on the upside above two hours like that and trailing , or meaning my selling, even if it is at a 1% stop loss, only not that, my selling will start happening from three hours on very aggressively, by the time I'm probably at six or seven, most of my positions, at least two-thirds of the position is anyway sold. They're just tailing off and peeling off. Okay. If you actually look at it, if you see a lot of prop desk, right? Okay? And you see the math of scalping, the math of scalping is very attractive. Correct? So when we keep talking about it, you lower the denominator so much that your numerator, even if it is medium, will have a big impact. Okay? If I just took say 3% or 4% of those kind of trades, right? Even if you get 6 to 7% of those trades in a month, okay, you size it well. You can most of the prop test, I'll do 5 to 6% per month, so how much do you need monthly? Even if you're taking 5% risk, okay, 5% risk, you do 20 hours, you do 10%, yes, right, correct. No, gumsh, 20 hours is not that difficult. No, if you take many trades because it's three hours, four hours only. If you keep taking it with a tight stop loss, how many trades do you need? You don't need more than five trades. So, if you break down the math, right, the math is actually quite simple. Okay, so if you see right now, I will come to you also in this case, when we compress the denominator in such a way, correct, that's your every trade. Right, that was one of our people. Of where you scan like a swing trader enter like a day trader but you hold like a positional trader best okay so in these three methods right you are ending up maximizing the upside also and minimizing the down side also that comes actually out of execution framework that is why I actually I Thought that there was a gap coming I will sit with you and figure it out yes yes play ok so anyone thinks that here pe back wick play ho toh someone would like to take can you visualize an upside and is it too dangerous because the stop is very extended. I don't know what happened yesterday. All I know is I am thinking from a perspective of visualization. ok. I will give the thesis to counter of Chirag. Here pe is a wick play better than the previous day. No no why? Since everyone is saying no the antithesis is stronger. I think yes, week play is better because the stock covered a good distance and went up and then this body is also larger than the previous bar, so it means buying interest is there for sure, since it has gone up and then this is a large stock, also it is not easy to take a large stock up move, so I think a little profit booking has happened in that, that is completely fine, so may be what we can visualize is that next day it opens a little lower and then freezes from the top, that is, those who are already long, if they book profit next day and then it goes up, then it could prove antithesis because on this bar's basis, it seems this is a weak week close in the sense that it has closed at half in your entire body . That means the close isn't that strong, but if it were to be an antithesis tomorrow, it should go down and open higher, or it could open above the wick. Or what if it just breaks the wick ? That's the best case scenario, right? Because if you first close , Shrikant, whatever you do, this very zone comes right here. That's my best risk-reward option. No , yes, because it has almost reversed from there twice. If you look at the first red candle, it has come back from there. If it crosses this, then I think this is good for the stock. Correct, for me, that first red candle that reversed, I think some of the remaining sellers there are closing their last positions. So that's why there is a pull. Yes, that's exactly what Shrikant was saying. If you buy right there, then every last seller is getting in. Correct, correct, correct. The entire supply will be absorbed. Or is that okay? Let's see next. Okay, so what will be the anthesis here, a big side candle will be formed and this is yes because right now Shrikant ji, exactly what is the problem here, you know, our start was utterly good but nothing happened above, yes the buyers have stopped exactly at the week, correct, so and entry tomorrow is not possible. The only thing you are hoping for is the follow through of today. You can't enter tomorrow. We correct. Okay. Correct. Now we will have to go with the antithesis that hopefully this will pull back. We what is gap up. There will be a big antithesis in that case. If there is a gap up, who was it Dinesh, I think there is a gap up, so friend, but can you consider that again a day for gap up, means I don't know whether I will buy, you can take it but you will have to trail more aggressively, yes exactly, brother, you cannot give a chance to the squad, can we assume that your buying power here would have ended if there is a gap up, how will it happen since the move has started, no, not necessary, no, okay, because a small supply has come, it has been absorbed here for two-two days, or we can say that buyers are cautious at this level, when if we are not wanting to enter, then others are also not wanting to enter because everyone can see that there is extended stock. Buyers, and this stock, even on a large gap, has moved what at least about 10-12% kind of. So, maybe the profit booking is not complete. If the gap up comes, that means the profit bookers will be even more attracted. Not possible. This is what he is saying, everyone would be cautious . Okay, so should we expect those brutes to buy here that a 20% circuit breaker will hit here. Yes, you can do it tomorrow. You can do it. Low probability but very high expectancy. Okay. Okay. I think it will go up and then down to the next one and then go up and down to the red. Yes. If we think so much at the top, then it seems it will break. Let's see. So muted, friend. Yes. So this is also showing that many sellers are not selling interest trades. We are not further Your thesis will be a pullback We are catching up 10 Dushyant Jamshed Deep You are able to visualize life right step good wrong or So far, so good, so now anyone thinks of a trade here, is it still too early? I'd like one more, okay, I'd like it to go to near 10, yes, 10 should be captured. Okay , now we're visualizing whether to enter or expand. Entry is not allowed here. Enough supply hasn't been absorbed yet . But this is a very good reversal path here and if it opens here in the area, yes, like for today I would like to show a chart, wait a minute I was looking at two trades, so it is all good to a pull of the pipe right, if it opens here then that will be a very good entry from here, I feel anyway its cross is a good entry here, in this case Tejas was looking from a play perspective, so okay, so if the gap up opens, someone will buy and is it to, yes I would gap up, then buy even the first candle on the gap up or the first minute or the first 5 minute break, same same same because it is near 10, in how many seven-eight weeks at least everyone has started anticipating this, quite first boss, everyone was looking at the tightness, one reason for doing it again and again is that when we did it for the first time, did we do it from the perspective of entries, what was it at that time We hadn't read the entries. At that time, we were looking more at participant behavior from a perspective. Now we've read the entries. So, our job is to apply the learning we've had here so we can actually put into practice what we've learned here. Anyone interested in buying this stock now? No one is interested, everyone is interested at the... Yes, yes, yes, yes, Dushyant, you should talk about buying on the next bar. But if I buy on this bar itself, I don't know, I get chopped out a lot. But I don't know why I feel that I tend to find a lot of comfort in this: the closer I get to the 10 EMA, the better. I may be wrong, but I mean, does I say I am wrong? No, no, there is nothing which is wrong. Actually, if I tell you, it's okay. Just the point is that you need to figure out that it is going to turn. See, what an entry is. There is no right or wrong entry, Dushyant. Right, it is about the stock going up without hitting your stop loss. So, what we do is either we buy at tightness or we buy at an extreme stretch. Stretch means there is enough stretch downwards to make a turn. Or you can understand that a gap up opens up, demand is visible, we buy it because we are keeping a tight stop loss . Right, now the challenge here will be that you can buy it and how can you buy it. My view on this is that I would like to play it once in 1 minute. Viraj ji, we can buy this green candle here as well because if we see that the stock has gone down and then come back above the previous day's close, then this could also be a good entry point. Anticipation: Present Day Close: No, yes, Present Day Close: Yes, yes, no. That's the point I'm making, it can be a very good one. It's not that we just have to see that if we get a turn-on buy, then we can definitely buy. There's nothing wrong with that. That's the point I was making. So, effectively, if we consider a turn-on buy, we will have to assess the action on a shorter time frame, closer to the 10 EMA price, to see what's happening there. Right? No, just like it's happening right now. A big bar has formed here, right? Yes, right? Once your bar forms a big bar, then it becomes very easy. Because you visualize that you have a solid great bar here . Let's say I go a little further back and do a bar. Okay? And let me play this. A gap opening. Okay. Okay. Two three right four right five. Okay? Now visualize how it will feel if its high is broken? Demand right. What happens is that when we want to enter, we constantly ask ourselves questions like, how will it feel if it turns? Right? How will it feel if it extends below this point? Is there a possibility of it going down after breaking its high? We look at these things. Right? So look at it from that perspective. Okay. Did we get an entry? No. Okay. And it's breaking down. Is it more evident? If its high breaks up, you'll say I can get a very good entry. Right? It becomes much easier. It's the same, right? Our extension has become too high. Yes, the extension has become too high. So now, if its high is broken, I'll say, "This is this can create a good break, has it become a wick?" Yes, it has become a wick. Yes, so someone here has been trapped and drowned, Dushyant has been trapped and drowned. I'll also get trapped. This happened the next day, how would I get trapped in this? But okay. I'll think of it from DI. I'll generally get trapped in this by seeing your initial action going down for a few minutes . Okay? And then, when it reverses, I 'm taking an entry before it reaches the high. Okay? From what I've seen in my recent trades. In anticipation and then I am getting stopped out. Okay? So it is not reaching the high. Yes Jamshed what is the question? Can when we have that thing can we go down to the 10 and 15 minute time frame and five and 10 and 15 something yes yes and there if we see there is a kind of a base right formed so if we can we buy the breakout from that then we no like mean the breakout from that 5 minute base and 10 minute base 5 minute or 10 minute base in consolidation how to see the break there with a nice break of that consolidation then we can buy there. Anurag, I did not understand what you are saying, can we buy the basing that is happening in the lower time frame, or of course you can if you are a buyer, Anurag, there I mean your proper supply will get absorbed, what do you mean when we were talking about basing, the moment you go to a lower time frame, no, you are risking a shakeout, correct , but what was my problem with this entry, will you see it completely, your previous two three candles, right, show supply come in here, if you see the previous two three candles, these are supply candles, okay, if it is a muted candle, no, after this, okay, that does not indicate a demand resumption for us, it is the supply getting slower, correct, the only way I can get an entry in this is if I am seeing a gap up and a strong start, so here, a muted candle is not giving me any conviction, so here, if he was doing it like intraday I am taking it higher and taking it later, but a VCP until supply absorption is confirmed, I don't like it. In this case, I could have taken entry only in this case. Dinesh and Jamshed, if I would have added a strong point, which I did not see here, then almost basically we can assume a flag, not a flag. If we want to break the flag from the beginning, when we were talking about when its consolidation was over, then if you see a gap in the initial opening minutes, then you can assume that demand is coming in, and then you can put that the flag can be broken from there. In this case, as you are saying, Dinesh, a better entry for me would have been on the confirmation entry, a later entry. So, if I put this red bar at the close or high of the previous day, for example, that for me would have been a better entry. We say, "Okay, so at times I'm trying to balance anticipation. There are times when I want more confirmation. And this is one such time when I'm not sure whether the supply has been completely absurd or not. Because the previous three candles are pure pullback candles, if I have to take the second entry, if I'm very bullish and I'm very urgent in the stock, I will take it on the downside. Let the 10 DMA be touched, then the reversal that was happening, that may be a better entry to take than on the upside. We manage the point here. If demand did not resume, then we can also say that your collective wisdom came in this 10 DMA and from that, retail entry is happening. That's why it was not able to push." It is possible that we can put a theory or it is not possible but you are saying this here Dinesh, next if there is a breakdown or breakout in this, if there is a breakdown then I will ask you another question why only 10, why are you waiting for 21 because till now there has been no pullback to 10. From the perspective of date of ascent we are fine, till now the pullback to 10 we are fine, an interesting case where I can pullback by I can trade at 10 or any other average. Right, this is the state. What has happened here is that there is a pause, but the fall is quite rapid, so it could open strong tomorrow. I can expect a 50% dema. This is not the point. But if it pauses and turns from here, then it becomes easier. This could be an easy trade. Like we had an idea here. This would be a short-term trade, or let's consider your magnitude trade only. I think I would prefer to trade this as a hybrid because despite the weak sector, the stock hasn't declined much and is taking a pause and turning here. So, I think it can be considered as a mean because the context is positive. So, the more perspective would be to defend breakeven in this case. Okay, even if there is a recovery. Yes, and the only challenge in that is that since the sector is weak, there will be confusion about how long it will be able to hold. Meaning something like this I am here. It was not that extended but something like this I am. Okay. Okay let 's move ahead. We are fine. So we got this. Well, the reason for this could be dividend also. Dividend might have cost this. We got a dividend of ₹2.5 and how much has this stock fallen? Our previous close is ₹213.80 and today's close is ₹211 so the difference is only ₹2.5. I think this is dividend based sell off also. If we adjust the dividend then it will come out like this. In that case, dividend was the reason for this. Where did we go? Okay, back to me, yes. So we are okay let's go ahead and see this I don't have any problem in the market right now okay okay so anyone what are the views here anyone looking for entry not looking for entry turn bad for entry above the above the high two 25 and we can also see the week play. Yes sir we can also see the week play. Next bar down now the chart action has started getting bad. We are not interested much in down. Yes we have to wait a bit now and the volume is also increasing in the down bar. The volume which we were seeing at 10, I can see the same at 21 now, why is it getting bad? Yes, we can see it but I would wait for like two-three days, wait, the momentum has been lost, that is why it is looking bad, but if it hardly drops like the top 30%, no, not even 20-25% from the top, as it moves up from the left, tomorrow there is a gap up again, Shiv Bhai is anticipating that tomorrow there is a gap up, then that means resumption of demand again, yes, yes, if there is a gap up, then there is no problem. Gap up will come on login three as well, right Dinesh. Right? Yes, the same resumption of demand means he is showing urgency. Yes. But is this a good enough point to get a gap up also. This is Dinesh, do you know what happened here? There is and there is no panic selling. This is just lack of urgency and demand. Correct. That's what I'm saying, if tomorrow there's a sudden surge of demand, then that becomes, brother, you should also look at the first minute ORV. Yes, then the gap up has to be from above this close to above this open. Sir, above this open means there should be a good amount of gap up, at least three to four gap ups. After that, yes, okay, okay, understand sir, is this something like the average trade, that it's slowly, if you look at that bar, or kind of, yes, yes, I mean, I think what Chirag said a couple of sessions ago, that a base is formed and then there 's a shakeout, and then we prefer to enter after that. It might convert into that type of setup. It could be possible. Possible, but the consolidation is still only for two or three days. I mean, not too much. But okay. Okay, let's see what happens next. I feel a slight current spillover is happening. There was momentum, which was holding the entire action in place. For example, if we look here, this bar of yours isn't spilling over . It's tightening. Right? The action here was good up until this point, but it's spilling over now. These random last three bars look more random than earlier action. So, generally, I'll look at this point more from a momentum loss perspective . If you look at Aber, you never lost momentum in it , even if you're getting a little larger. Okay. So we got a gap down today. How is the market? Is the market responsible for this? I think the market is also responsible for the momentum loss. The market has been quite bad in the last three bars. I think this is the reason why we're getting kind of short . Okay. Dinesh, I think the gap up logic works. Better. It will work very well here. Correct. This is somewhere where I will also be interested if there is a gap up. Okay, okay, and no one is looking at any kind of entry. There are no possible entries except gap up. I am only looking at gap up. Yes, okay, terrible. You could have intraday ORV. We do not see anything like that in this. We did not open with strength, so how would we see it, that means there is no reason to buy. So, it has only opened downward negative, right? The current in it is yes, and the downward current is not so extended that you can see the reversal and it has not opened higher so that you can see the demand in it, so it is not tight on both sides, so from all three points, it does not fit anywhere in our three. There is neither demand nor is it as extended as the reversal, meaning this would be the worst entry if anyone enters here. We tried to go up but came down, and the volume is also low and is getting rejected by the average in both bars, which is becoming bad. Here, in the last four bars, the last three candles are getting rejected by the average. This third bar is a very bad one. Let's move ahead. Breakdown, okay, more antithesis, stinger , okay, in the antithesis, now do I also need a gap up, and do I just need a pause? There may be a pause and reversal. Immediate urgency, a little reversal should be seen in intraday. Will it be on anyone's watch list? Actually, because suppose Dushyant and Deep, who were watching 10 earlier, we came down to 21. Now I have come down to 50. If you say a little more, 200 will also come, but leave that aside [laughs]. By the way, why should we end at 200? Then 500, my damage should be used to put the market in a bit. Yes, the market has also broken down. Yes, looking at the market, it seems that this could be a bible because the market is putting its extreme pressure. So, in this case, I don't even need a gap up, right? I just need a pause. So, let's compare today's candle with today's. How was today? You had a few breakdowns previously, but today was literally a nothing day for most of the stocks. Okay? Where you are, we were anticipating a reversal, so the reverse happened but there was no follow-through. That can also be a possibility no tomorrow. So I don't really need a gap up. What are the stocks which were there before which and which pause today? Actually, start giving a follow-through tomorrow. From September, if tomorrow forms a very small candle, in that case does it make sense for us to buy? If tomorrow it forms a very small candle, is this like what the Precision Wire is doing? Right now, the welcome, right? The stock has changed its chart. No, no, it's the same, it's not good. It's on Nifty. Okay , let's go to another tab for that stock. So, I'm asking the scenario, which has come down, is it similar to the Precision Wire that we're seeing today? The Precision Wire has a lot of momentum, right? With the fall, there's momentum, so the chances of a bounce are high. Okay, yes, the speed is missing here. I would like to see the speed, like even in Bajaj Consumer, when we entered, what was this? The pullback came at 10, it came at a lot of speed, so the possibility of a bounce increases because of the speed. That speed is here, we have the speed of that thing. The third bar is literally the largest bar and has a very massive speed . So the possibility of a bounce is high. But it's more like a slight momentum loss here. Just because the market is bad. So, it seems a bit. But in fact, if we look at it, there is a lot of weakness in the character here. If we consider this, let's move ahead. Yes, okay, this is exactly what happened today. No, we are watching Dinesh here now. Now, can you compare it with an entry once, market has to be put back, yes , but again, it should be in our watch list, it is a big question. Correct at the time, yes, possible, or that, so is there a bias in the exercise itself, right, Deep? Yes, anyway, let's move ahead. Okay, no, is anyone for an entry here, not for me. On that day, yes for today, for tomorrow, is this comparable to today, but there is no intensity of the fall, there is no intensity of the fall, okay, yes, the confidence which should look like a little linear momentum is not coming, what will you visualize now, deep here for you to take an entry because if it comes from sideways here, it will be dead and yes, but there is no urgency visible on any side, no, neither is there any sell point nor is there any buy point, so I would wait for some signal which would tell me that there is urgency in this even on intraday also if it comes by the middle of the day I would think that would be fine but if I see some urgency from somewhere then I would be interested. Okay. Okay. Okay Dushyant there is something Shrikant anything I can think if it opens somewhere in the middle and then goes above the end high of this green candle which is today's high then we can see no no but are you convinced that you are taking it forcibly? If we consider the fall of the last few days to be due to market pressure, then my theory here is that the fall is quite significant, it has moved from 50, so 50s. Actually, there is not much significance but the significance could be that it may be at 50 DMA because most of the people use 10, 20, 50. So, some people might have their stop loss here, so they might have moved it to 50 DMA. So now from this we can see that the previous candle and the next green one closed just at the low and after that it did not go down. So this means there is demand. Thus, there is selling demand and there is no selling. Otherwise, if there was selling, then it could have gone down also. It opened at the very low and then it went up. So, if we want to validate this again, I think if we go above this, we can see an entry here. What is its intraday action like? I mean, buying is coming in the second half of the day, and selling is coming in. I think it must have started from here. So, where the previous day's selling was, there is a little bit of newness here, here, is there anything new in all areas? It has started here, yes, but this is exactly where the previous day's selling was. Yes, yes, yes, with this consolidation, if there is a slight gap here, then I think between 206 and 207, then it is a good, good, goodbye. The previous tightness has become the current gap. Now, yes [laughs], it is good, isn't it, because there is tightness right now, everyone is seeing it. Gap, yes, all the traders who were tightness, they will not trade it now because it means it is completely out of context. Yes, right? It will happen like a week play. How is its intraday? It is intraday. Because I think the entire sale only happened in the last three or four candles because of the market. Is that right? Even if the market had been flat, it would most likely have been organized. As far as I understand, participation was significantly discounted. Previously, Deep wasn't accepting entries for the previous candle. Yes, no, but now I understand, I mean, now I understand how we could have tried to enter this during the first 5-minute break. Could there have been such an entry in this ORV? No, in the first 5 minutes? Yes, if you look at the place where you were asking, then this was a good question. Where the previous day's buy was visible, there was a sell at t minus one, right? I'm correct. So, as Jamshed said, can we enter by going to the lower time frame? Okay, just zoom out a little. This is this 5-minute point. Yes, in fact, I was trying to add it to the same point as Jamshed. Even if we don't find it at 5 minutes, we can still buy it here. We can buy by drawing a straight line here, or we can buy by drawing a downward slanting line. It can be equally good interest because we saw demand in the first few minutes. Demand was visible, and the context is positive. So when both the things happened then we can mean if we could not buy at 5 minutes then we found an alternative entry point in intraday. Papas that till the stop is not hit that time it was correct yes get up stocks have a breakout, mostly the whole day is linear. Yes yes yes yes I was saying something here whom are you asking? I am asking you only. No no you were saying to zoom in. No no at that Jamshed point, if you go to 5 minutes then zoom out a little. You 5 minutes okay yes Jamshi when you were saying intraday pay this is what you are saying what does it mean by making a base now it see it made a bottom now it come up making a base right around 12:30 1 o clock something yes yes so it made a kind of so when it breaks that to enter that point like that means it consolidated and now it got some demand has a nice breakout comes on that lower time or perfect either that so when Dinesh said that was mine I think you put it better than what I did what I was saying that where there was demand there was selling on the previous day No, that's ideally like a week play only. You know, we weren't seeing a wick, but what we're seeing in the wick is that previous sellers are now getting dominated immediately, which is exactly what was going forward. Yes, okay. It's a pause. Okay, so someone might want to make a second-day entry here next day. And did anyone enter today because it went down and turned. Would anyone want to enter today? Yes, we can. One thing is, it would be a bit like trailing it very tightly, but we can take it like a reversal. Why would we need to trail it tightly? Or we'll have to use the average of both the previous entries. Let's say the previous entry isn't my entry. Okay? And the stock goes down. Okay? A simple entry can be taken if its high is broken, which means it's positive. We have seen it go down quite a few times. So if it comes all the way back up, it means yes. Stung demand, yes. So I took an entry in 2020. There was a stock. What was its name? Blue Dart. We're looking at a similar day in 2020. This day two turn, from here, sold down and turned right. So I did some pyramiding here in this stock. So we kind of don't know whether it will go that way or not, but day high can be a good entry point. If it reverses that much, then that can be a good entry point. But no , yes, let's see. I don't think I'll get a fill today. What happened? I think the open has broken, the open has not broken, the high has not broken. Right now, I don't think the high will be broken the same day next. Okay . So here we can take a day two entry, which could be a slightly different and alternative entry, as a reversal. This is the next one. I think we can add it here also if we don't get it or we can do the opening range breakout, this last one, sorry, yes, put the market once, Chirag, yes, it was the second last green candle, we opened that day, the first bar of the day is green, then how should it have been done, I mean, we are talking about just this day or this day, this day , this day, no, no, the last, next last one, okay, if this one is not there then the breakout did not come on the previous day's small candle, then turning to the morning, like it just started with a green bar, then what do we do, okay, means, if it is not like the anchor, that's what I mean, okay, I will go to one minute and play it, okay . So, our expansion is done here in the first minute itself. Yes, okay. So, break of that high, like this. Now we can enter here. Its high means we will use the opening range. It has already gone very high, right? Yes, it has. But if its high is broken, you can use it as an opening range breakout. If you're buying here, Jamshed, what 's the problem with buying here? We were buying on this red bar, so there 's no major problem with buying here. If there's a big difference between your previous day's high and yours, then supposing there was some more difference, like 1-2% difference. Yes, if there's another 2% difference, there will be a problem. They're saying, yes, then I think it will be a bit extended, but if we're buying here, then there will be no major problem if it extends only the second time. Yes, if it extends only the second time, then we may mark it to get an entry, but in real time, you won't be able to place orders in that case, that will be very difficult. But if we look at this, it gave us a good amount of time. It reached the level in the fourth minute and then there was a big consolidation after that. If I think, will the 1.5% stop loss hold? I don't think. So yes, yes, yes, it will work. There is no major issue. Meaning, the stop loss of day people will also work, then an alternative option is that this base entry of yours, Jamshi, we can use that as well to initiate. Base and break. Yes, basic because basically the base is a good entry idea on intraday basis. Whatever you want to do intraday, then simply do this, sort in the market action tracker which are the top gainers in 10-15 minutes and consolidate from there, then you can buy them. We're fine. Let's move on. We've got this expansion. Let's move on. Right now, there's no entry for anyone. Now the stock is extended. Right? We're fine. Red bar. Well, after this red bar, no one is interested. This is just the first bar. Okay. Was anyone interested after that? It 's a good idea, isn't it? I think it looks good . Dushyant, Karan, Shrikant, right side to abrupt, or you would normally prefer a shakeout here, Jamshed. But the point is, you can't even avoid this. No, if it's spot on [laughs], it will give a better entry. It will even become better. But can you avoid this? In this, we can buy the next day's high. The next day, if this candle's high breaks 20 degrees, we can buy. We can buy the opening range breakout. If the opening with a gap up, right? Yes, a slight opening here, as you were just doing, Chirag, when it goes down, then your breakout will happen. Like we were getting earlier. Yes, it may be an actually better entry in this case. Right. The stock is going down after being up. And then during the day it recovers and crosses the day's high until that. In fact, this is the perfect candle to see multiple variations of entry. You can take a put. Because it is so obvious that everyone is going to look at the day's high. Right? Because if there is a retail entry at the day's high, there will be some retail entry as well. Yes, it can happen because that is your thesis and you can't even avoid it. But what could be the alternative? If it starts going down and then it breaks the high, as you were saying. Yes, yes, correct. "Okay, that would actually be a much better entry than the Day High entry. What are we thinking, Tushar? Sorry, sorry. You'll repeat what you said last." Suppose the close has happened at 217, suppose it is kind of close, okay, it creates a muted candle, okay, muted candle, like there was a day where there is 10 DM, where there is two plus, yes, that is its second candle, like yes, by the way, where we did it, it is muted, then we were going to intraday and seeing that the high was broken, right, okay, visualize a similar kind of a setup here in the first to one and two hours, okay, it opens at 217, okay, it remains very, very tight for an hour, okay, so around 217, 218, its high is formed or around 219, you put a bit above that and leave it, need to 19.5, like you don't need to stare at the screen because most of the players will be there now, who knows, because of that, most of your ORB entry players are out, the only players who will come in are the once who I have put in limit orders and I have gone out and those limit orders will also come at 220 plus you will get in a rupee and two earlier yes around 29 okay and if you are taking a tight stop loss then by the time their orders will start triggering in you are already at cost loss and at least your stop loss yes because the influx of those orders will push the price upwards so when there is more liquidity then Dushyant this happens a lot of times we also anticipate where the retail orders are seen on the order book, if it is visible then the limit is not visible very often those are smarter but you are anticipating these obvious points and pushing for the liquidity so when you trigger also then your trigger point will be a little below the limit price will be kind of above so that the fill will also be easy yes yes you will definitely get fill in it yes it is quite a very good entry ahead . Meaning, today is a very ideal day to enter. There 's a slight gap up and it's kind of like a play. We're fine. Next day, Day 2's wicket play should also continue. We'll see a red bar, so we've got a gap down and a reversal. Anyone would like to take an entry today? A gap down, a reversal. This is one I'm interested in . Who was Dinesh? I think, and looking at the market conditions, yes, looking at the market conditions, I think I would have been more interested in this. If it had gone down a little in the first minute , the market is kind of muted. Has the market also gapped down? It seems there was a slight gap down. Not too much. The stock is on its own gap down. If it hadn't recovered all of it in the first minute, then it would have become a very good entry in that case. What happened was that in the first minute? Yes, it reversed. Correct. That was a challenge. Otherwise, your trade would have been like that. Yes, it would have been like that. It would have been great if the situation had remained the same. But what happened was that it reversed straight from there. We are fine. The next bar is a red bar. It went up a gap and closed after being sold off. Who knows, maybe some people will even get an entry filled in the opening range breakout. By giving a gap up. Okay. Move on. Okay. Okay, any change in instance, someone wants to buy? Something needs to be done here and some tightness is needed. That's the typical setup. Tightness is quite obvious. So we can take a little confirmation entry, deep, put a little higher. Yes, a trade of one or two. This is a point where the tight stop loss will work against this. This will be a good demand. Chirag, but see, volume is coming, but even after that, it means it is not giving a breakout. This volume is still high, there is not much difference, it is not like a breakout volume. We agree here. Chirag, breakout, shake out and up, it would be a good one. We move ahead. Yes, pause. I think this stock will be on the radar of many people now for buying. Right? Let's see, next time, make a trap. It has trapped all the breakout buys. All have been trapped. All traps form. Yes. Now, we have to visualize a weak play entry here . What if we get a quick play from here, then we are not like Tejas today, I think , and it turned down, still I think it can give a good entry, the volume here has also dropped a lot, I think it is the lowest volume since Sawai, so I think it can give a good entry, we should check the market once, what is the situation here, nothing special is happening in the market as it is, let's see what happens tomorrow. I think we will get this fill if we buy at its high, and this is a very tight bar too. It is an extremely tight bar here. It seems like a copy has hit in it. The volume is also very tight. Is this Diwali? Oh yes, is this the auspicious day? Is there a Murti? Yes yes yes, ignore. Yes ignore. Then we will have to check this one also. If this isn't so valid, then we 'll have to see how the next day will actually be a good week. Yes, if it doesn't open the next day, I think it was an isolated day. After this, it was an isolated day. It was closed the day after that, and then the market will open again. I, Jamshed, was adding something, saying that many people must have entered on the last day, not this one, not the last, and then this one, not the last, but this one, yes, this one was probably an isolated day. Whereas your market opened on the 23rd and then closed on the 24th, it was something like that. So we'll have to see that actually, people will be less interested in trading on this day, but the volume is very interesting, it's picking up significantly. Where is the volume coming from? This volume is coming in the last half hour, which is very surprising. Selling is the same as the long weekend, so everyone sold and left. Yes, this isn't a long weekend, right? This is your mid-day, right? The market was closed the next day. It will open the day after that. Meaning, your Sunday was probably the auspicious time. Then your market opened on Monday. Tuesday was closed and then Wednesday will open. We are fine. Let's go the next day. What happens ? If the play opens, then maybe we will get a good entry. Let's see, yes, not the play, it has opened quite strong. This is not our EP. No, no, it is fine. It has opened very strong today. I remembered the EP because I had taken it . We may get another big play entry next day too. Next day also we are fine. Let's move ahead. There is a pause in the pause sale itself. That makes it far better. We can get entry again the next day from here after this pause. But this is an ideal trap day. A trap day for home. No, there is a high chance of getting faked out here because it is so tight, so tight for me. Yes yes yes yes yes yes this happens, whenever my stop loss comes to 1%, the stop hit always breaks, so here when it is so tight then the previous day high has no relevance, yes this is a risk but it is so locative that it cannot be left, it is neither going up nor going down, yes this is a confusing candle, is n't it? The actual concept of wickle is not of same day breakout. We're talking about a pause closing in the week on day one, followed by a second-day breakout. Think of it like what we're seeing today on Precision Wire. You should have had a same-day reversal. Right? Parabolic, but that didn't happen, and it happened the day after the pause. So, it's farmer-informed buying. You can consider that . So I will consider it in the same way that nothing is disrupting you and if there is buying tomorrow, that is, or a breakout, then it is equally good. We are okay, it is a little extended with this and it is closing in the week, let's see what happens because this is also a very risky candle and there could have been an entry option in intraday from lates. If we do not know how the close will be from lates, if our opening is in a gap up, then yes, I think it will happen that we will exit in the shakeout. Is it one minute, okay, it is 1 minute, from here I think after giving entry, we will put a stop out, put a stop out, yes or your day is open here at 9:15, it will fail, stop out, okay, it is terrible action, depending on the day, but we will have to take this, I think this is part and parcel of business, so if they are playing weekly, then in that case there will be a stop, okay, yes, let's move ahead. Trap the same thing. Yes, next day if it opened strong, it would have been better, it did not open strong. That's one thing we can see. But let's see how the intraday action played out . In five minutes, at 9:40 or 9:15, everyone will get a good fill. Breakeven at 9:30, breakeven at the same level. Yes, breakeven at the same level. Everyone will get a breakeven exit . Yes, everyone will get even . Okay. Okay. Let's move on. Another pause. What do you think of the market? Yes, it's going pretty terrible. I'm enjoying the results, okay. This one's result is a little better, but it's still a little better if it goes down a little. Let's go further, we'll have a gap down. Okay, someone will be interested in buying on the reversal of this gap down. At its high, we're actually going to risk it. And what has happened is that this is correcting whatever was wrong here. In a way, I think that can be a good entry, but now we are quite close to earnings . Keep this in mind too. Chirag ji, I have a question. The day this gap-up occurred, the first close wasn't good. So, can we interpret this in a way? This gap-up isn't that good? I think what matters more than interpretation is how the decision was made if we're in a trade, right ? If the stock is closing right, then it's still okay. You give it a day right. Sometimes there can be many reasons for a pause. The reason for a pause could be a bad market, as you can see, with a slightly red bar. Although I don't think there are too many red bars, I think. But I 'm looking at this from two perspectives: a gap-up from here and a sell -off from above. So, I think the sell-off is enough to warrant paying attention to the sell-off. But I don't think it's making the chart look bad. It's not like that, or it's making the gap up worse, because the gap is too wide and the sell-off is comparatively low. If we look from here, literally, if your candle were complete, and you visualize it from here, if there wasn't a gap and your bar formed somewhere around here, right? So, you consider that one to be stuck. Because you consider it to be stuck. Right? So, that's exactly what's happening: your main bar here, but you can't see it. You can't see it. So, that's why we'll ignore it. It doesn't matter that much. It happens sometimes. Yes, on the entry side, if your entry closes low, you can close the trade. If you are still sustaining on your entry, then keep on holding the stock and see how the next one is going to be. Right, yes, okay, let's move on to the next one. This is a good one. You should get the fill here. Let's see, did you get the fill in 5 minutes? I think after getting the fill, the stock will remain dead. You will get the fill, but the date will remain . Let's go ahead. Oh my God [laughs] I think he took it. Yes, yes, yes, yes, to enter again and again. The problem with precise entries is that your losses often accumulate because of true resistance. You'll see entries in many places. But now I see a better entry here. Look, there's a gap. [Laughter] In that case, it looks like a very good entry. Let's see what happens. No, it 's down. It's sold off. For now, it's off the radar because earnings are coming. Gap down and reversal. What is the reason for the gap down and reversal in the market? The market has gapped down and reversed upward . I think this is the reason for this reversal. Earnings haven't come yet, but it happened because of the market. So, no one will buy on earnings day anyway. Even if the trade was good, no one would buy. Otherwise, it could have been at rock bottom. No, no, earnings were post-market . Yes, yes, no, meaning a gap down reversal could otherwise be possible. But it won't happen on earnings day. No one will buy. We 're next. Yes, have you arrived?