A dump entry in a very good stock. No, it's much better than a very good entry in an average stock. Right? The skill here isn't about getting a precise entry everywhere. That's step two. Step one is identifying momentum. You'll realize that when you get into true momentum, right? It's not about skill. It's about dumbness and dread. Even whatever your performance is. Okay? I'll tell you one thing. In this business, you're always going to feel like shit. All of your decisions, from start to finish, are going to have some or the other flaw in it. You'll very, very rarely have a 100% perfect decision. That maybe when you see something over and over again. Over and over again. Right? So it becomes like that [ __ ] Virat Kohli hit against Haris Rahul. Right? He didn't deliberately hit that [ __ ]. What we mean by that is his procedural memory, right? There's experience, there's training, right? There's mental stiffness, and his hand-eye coordination—all of that comes together. And it results in a sh Anurag, can I ask something ? Yes, see people like you and Chirag, you guys are seasonal traders, meaning you have more experience than that. So, on the first few minutes, only traders like you are retail from the retail community. Traders like you are active in the first 1 minute or 5 minutes. A trader like me, I'm not going to look at the chart in the first five minutes and the first 15 minutes because we're told that it's a game for the big guys, stay away from it. So, I'm not active in that. So, they're trying to make a full out of it, saying we'll open a little lower and then take the price higher. No one is full because you think there's no such energy in just one or two institutions. They're like, it's like a honeycomb. Right? They're like multiple people making multiple decisions at multiple times. Okay, if you were here, it was never about the entry. Okay, you take any stupid entry here. Okay, like Chirag has a very good logic. When our first bar was formed after March 30th, okay, take the most stupid entry that you can visualize. Okay, what do you do? The second bar where the week was formed on day two, it would probably be March 31st. Okay, place it above that day's high. Okay, Chirag, place your buy order there. You need a line around 98. Okay , Chirag, this is the concept of Chirag. The second bar, the one below it, yes, yes, that one, or your most stupid entry used to come here. Anand ji, right, okay, what we ended up doing was at every bar after that. We tried to keep on optimizing our entry or RB. How early can we take the previous day's high? Correct, what did you do in that? Yes, that helps. Okay, I can tell. Very easily, that execution is your setup, okay, but does it come at the cost of losing the whole opportunity? If you had kept that bar today, you would have been in profit. Even the stupid spreader would be at money today. Right, correct. So, beyond a point, what helped three things helped you: you are daring to get into the stock. Okay, the dumbness of your entry and the discipline to place an order. What ended up happening was your access skill, which you were talking about, these traders are watching. For example, we know what has happened now. Because of that seasonal season, we tried to save on pennies and lose the dollar. Correct. So, when we are doing this again and again, when we do this exercise, we try to save on pennies and lose the dollar. So, first of all, here we were talking about entry. We were talking about risk-free as an exercise. But the first thing we try to do is get into a top momentum and dump entry into a very good stock. No, it's much better than a very good entry into an average stock. Right? Okay? So the first thing we end up doing is identifying momentum. What was the point here? First of all, you say, 'Ek takeaway hai na woh jo paaste aaye na, na, na, thika tha na, none of us, I asked twice on size none of us were even symbols of bearish.' It didn't even occur to us that there would be consolidation or something here, would it be dead? Would all of us were bullish? Okay, but we tried to get into a perfect entry here on tightness, that something will come, I will see a small hair, and we lost out on that 20-30% book, and this happens. So often, if you look at the last two or three months, everyone knew that PSU banks are doing well. Everyone knows that metals are doing well. Okay, but what are people waiting for? People are waiting for the tightness which may never come. All they are waiting for is that there should be consolidation for only this many days, only then will I get the right entry. Okay? Now this bar, Raina, this was a very obvious entry. Everyone should have taken it here. Right. Okay. Then you go a little further on this. Yes. Go ahead. Yes. Go a little further. Go one. Just go 10 15 by side if you want. See, it has just gone dead after this. Yes. Everyone would have got stopped out here in frustration. Yes. Okay. Now look, if you want to take the entire stock. Okay. Okay? You keep watching this. Now, how many of these entries if you see were even valid entries in your setup? It hardly was said there from 96 what 240 26 means it went up nearly 45x okay but if if here also like aaya na tight bath dekhte yahan pe you would have stopped out because the cloth was bad so what did we end up doing hum log woh means we forgot the entire forest in the middle of seeing the trees correct so in this Trinath ji what was it na the season the skill here is not about getting a precise entry everywhere. That is step two. Step one first is identifying momentum. So in this maar ke bhi book he first mentioned stage two and then VCP. First we need to get into momentum. VCP is only a character. It does not define the success of our stock. So your participation is a part of discounting, right? It is just supply absorption. It is not momentum. Momentum is the force that drives. So there is a very good line of Chuck, he says that when you were failing, Sara ji, the stock was not failing there. Your entry was failing. Correct. We try to optimize the entry in a bad stock. And we end up getting stuck, getting our capital stuck in that. Okay? You are in this entire stock, right? You can put a dumb entry. Okay? You can put a moving average once, yes , so what Taynath ji was saying today, season is okay, I will stick to a dump rule or I will keep trailing only 10 or 21, okay, I am not selling till it breaks 21 for example, okay, the most simple dump rule that you could have added skill, what will you do, you will say that no, this has been extended a bit, I will sell at the 10% circuit change, I will do everything, okay? I just follow a dumb rule like an essential that till 21 breaks I will not sell this stock and in most of the big stocks you will end up making a lot lot lot more money by continuously applying your brain in it. So what you are thinking Sana ji, initially what happens is the effort that you will put even for making ₹1 lakh will be a lot more but once this practice is done, when you are identifying stocks by the behavior, the next 1 crore does not even need 10% of that effort. Because do you know what you are doing? Now you are deciding with clarity. So when the first part came, Praynath ji, my first objective for you is to do the bar by bar analysis by getting into the stock once you have identified your bullishness, right? Okay, now even if it is an imperfect dump entry, okay, it is fine because you are still getting into momentum. We are momentum traders. First, in fact, if I had not asked you all that, do you want to enter here? Do you want to enter here? What would you have done first? You would have taken a dumb entry on the second bar. And you would have made a lot of money. The moment I asked you the question over the next four bars, why won't you enter here? I started entering one-third, one-third. That is why it became complicated and you started getting confused. I now have recent rates in recent rates. I was in aluminum and that Hindustan Copper, and three days only, I was out because I thought my stock isn't going anywhere for three days. So I should be putting my small stop orders, like which one else, should I buy National Aluminum? Please, yes, National Aluminum. I printed one out and put it in front of my desk. So that I don't make these mistakes again. And now look, every time I put a simple rule. Okay? No skill, nothing. Forget entry and everything. This is a persistent momentum stock. Every time it hits the 10 and 21, I'm going to buy. Tuck it. Okay? Forget stop loss or anything. It touched 10. I place my limit order at 10 every day . It will fill up someday, right? Whatever price had been paid today, I would have been in profit. I won't do this after the session because my entry was on October 24th at ₹238, but since the stock didn't do anything, I exited even if I remained. In the stock I would have definitely exited when these two red candles appear my entry was in 24th October yes yes yes ok so even if I exited in the well that was before the result. ok. yes. ok. ok. this one is a little to the left yes this one. yes this one so I exited the stock and three with in three days only thinking that stock is not going anywhere and it is a low idea stock. I should be putting my money in high idea stock in momentum stocks. So that this is entirely got invalid. And even if I would have remained in the stock. my stop loss should have exited in the two red candles. Yes, so what you thought about, I will tell you one thing in 2016 when Sudarshan Chemicals broke out, right, okay, everyone, when that breakout on the first 50% and 100% happened, right, I will tell you, 95 out of 100 people just thought the same, and no one at least in my circle thought the whole move, why do you know because they were seized, okay, and what happens in seized, you start thinking that no, its fundamental value has gone up a lot. Okay? That much cash flow is not going to come. All the other news factors which are outside the chart will now start affecting it. Okay? Now what has happened in the stock counter this, it is not moving on value. It is now moving on price. The narrative of the bears is going to drive a lot more than what the value of the stock is. So it will be extended to that extent when people are not going to imagine beyond a point. When you took this at 200, if the police had told you three months ago, can you imagine this at 360, you would have laughed at it, yes, okay, now today when you are seeing that you are absolutely hating it, then this must also be going on in your subconscious that brother, let it fall now so that I get validated that I should not do this, yes, I will be very happy if it falls, yes, because this is the one which means lost first lover, right now, so now she can't have a happy marriage, that kind of thing was happening, yes, okay, so now understand when you are doing it, then the first point of the bar by bar is when we do it right, you are seeing your entire momentum, and the thing you will realize is that when you get into such momentum, right, it is not about skill, it is about dumbness and fear, it takes a lot more discipline to be holding a stock at 260 than at 200 360 then at 200 because you are here, I am assuming you are nearing 100-150 per cent. Okay, if your stock loses 50-60% from your buy, on your P&L, you will at least be at about 20%-30% impact on portfolio margin on this stock. Correct, what will happen if there is a 20% impact on portfolio? What will come first in your mind? You know, I have never earned less on this many stocks till date. Okay? Now this is the most difficult part when you will think that whatever money is coming, let it come . I don't know whether it will come tomorrow or not. Right? Okay? Now is that season and is that dumness? And is that deception? Because the same thought that you would have had at 360, you would have had at 330, 300, 270, at so many points. Even it's at 260 also around. So beyond the point, don't let Gonath ji, this game, I will tell you, it is not at all about skill, okay, if we have even 10 or 12 years of experience, don't we Gonath ji, finally we know how to build procedural memory, this type of thing, which we were going to do repeatedly, we kept on visualizing at each stage of what is going to happen next, okay, we are anticipating what is happening in the next time, next, okay, we are taking our decision that it does not work out, then think what is happening on the next part, it does not work out, it works out, right now I have taken the entry, right now I am on top of it, how to visualize next, how to anticipate next, right this exercise, I think at least I would have done on at least 1000 chapters, okay, I would have seen at least 10,000 times between 2021 and 2022, day in and day out Then what happens is when you start then it becomes a process which is also called procedural memory like Chirag was saying. Okay? It will enter your subconscious as to how to go next. And this is a craft which will become an asset. So just like the selling that we have seen twice today, we have seen this selling so many times that it is very obvious that there will be a bounce after some time. Right right. Okay. Right now a bounce will be seen tomorrow morning. So we know what to expect. But we are hoping that if it goes down a little more then the bounce will become more credible. But we know that there will be a bounce because I and Check have seen it so many times. So once I've anticipated the behavior, then I can make any strategy around it. Okay? So there's always another one, sister, even whatever your performances. Okay? I'll tell you one thing. In this business, you're always going to feel like shit. Okay? Even if you're on 360, what will you think? I know why I didn't take this big size and size, okay? Why didn't I do a pyramid in the middle? All of your decisions from start to end are going to have some of the other flaws in it. You will very, very rarely have a 100% perfect decision, and because you don't have that, in every trade, there is going to be a part of regret, another lesson, regret, and more regret. So, that's a psychological book where it says that you need three winners to offset one loss. Okay? So unless you are at a 75% win rate you are always going to feel like shit. Okay? So imagine that you are going to feel like shit. Okay? Always then buffer your execution from your emotions. That is what is purely happening with us. We have seen this chart so many times Dayanand ji that even if we feel scared while doing that, we still act because we have gone through it before. It is like facing a 150k ball suddenly, you will not get used to it. But someone who has been facing a 150k ball day in and day out will be normal for him. It may be uncomfortable but it will be normal. See what is a five star setup, that generally when I am saying five star setup, then people think what is the five star setup of Kula Maggi? Right, Cool Maggi made the five-star setup famous. Cool Maggi has a five-star setup. Will your tightness be like this or like that? That is a five-star setup for you. Yes, for him, actually, at least, and for us also, because we don't know, we will also think that yes, whatever his setup is, it is a five-star setup for him. For me, I think every person's five-star setup is different. Yes, now how do I explain it? It is a unique phenomenon. I saw a chart. Okay, actually, this was a very good discussion between Anurag and me. So, it happened that I was listening to Stock B, and Stock B said that there are some trades in which I take a 20% risk on my portfolio. Okay? Now this blew my mind. I told Anurag that this is gambling. Right? Where did this trading come from? Taking a 20% risk on my portfolio. If one trade goes bad, you will lose 20% off. Then he told me one good thing and suggested a good book, A Short History of Abhinav Indira. Right? So beyond a point, what happens? Trading reaches a stage where you don't have the logic to validate the thing, but you know that this will work. Okay, so the feeling. Now what happens is that I must have discussed this with Anurag in '22 or '23. I also posted about that, right? But there was a stock in 2020 called Nucleus. Okay, I had already felt this, but let me show you where I felt it. We were looking at the Nucleus software. Okay, look at this daily setup. Now I was here, let's remove this bar from it. It was here, right. I saw it on the weekly chart. At that time, I was looking at the weekly chart. It looked like a big bar with a plus sign. Okay, so the first thing that came to my mind when I saw this was that it will create a similar bar on the next day. Okay? I told my friend, "I'm going to take this trade. I feel like it's going to be a similar trade." He told me that I don't have that feeling . Right? And look at the coincidence, it actually made a similar bar by the end of the week. Look at this. It's an equally big week. Same size. Exactly the same week. So I named it Plus One, right? Because it's adding another one here. Right? Later, I realized that this stock, meaning this setup, is a short stroke. Right? So the point is that after looking at this setup, I realized that this is something that will work in my favor. That's the feeling. Right? And I made the bet. But if you ask me even today what the logic behind it is, you probably won't be able to explain it. Yes, the meaning behind it is tightness, demand , everything. But if you ask me exactly how you can tell that a similar bar will form, it's either a coincidence, or maybe it's a feeling where you can sense what's coming next. What happens is that charts generally store memories, right? Store memories. What does that mean? Charts are a very quick pattern recognition tool. It's a machine. By the time you see a person in a crowd, for example, and you see that person in the crowd and realize that you've seen this face, your brain has already gone back and recognized all the faces you've seen, and it's already looked up this person. So, what happens is that the brain is like a database, and this thing happens there: perhaps when you see something repeatedly, it becomes like Virat Kohli's [ __ ] when he hit Harris Rahul. Right? He didn't intentionally hit that [ __ ]. You can say that there's procedural memory inside him, right? And everything inside him that is Virat Kohli. Right? Virat Kohli isn't just a human being made of flesh and blood. There's experience, there's training. Right? There's a mental stiffness. And their hand-eye coordination all comes together and it results in a shot. Perhaps we can also call it System One, System Two. When you're looking at the chart, you're again developing that muscle memory, and over that time, it will become part of System One. When you make a decision, you won't think at the time of making a decision. You just pull the trigger, which is called "in the zone," which is called "in the zone." So, this is the state where you know what a five-star setup is for you. Right ? Right now, those lone stock traders who don't keep posting clips are cool, Maggie. Right? I think they posted a pretty good clip today. So, look, I got a trade of 10 million short and 10 million long. That's a pretty big portfolio shuffle. But you know sometimes when the market speaks, you think you're going to listen. Right? That's why you need a well-defined setup. Now, they 're talking about defining that well. Right? And you spend 10,000 hours or so developing your own setup. I'll say that this is something that your mind innovates for you. If you're looking at charts, if you tell me, "I just saw a gap down in the first five minutes, or you're selling," right? A longer-term trade. Right? It's an easy, no-brainer, three-way take. Right? The natural choice is to take my take. So, there's a chance you've seen that trade multiple times. So, you know the probability is high. Yes, there's a public five-star setup, and there's a personal five-star setup. Right? And what a public five-star setup is, isn't it ? Basically, that's the point. I've seen some really beautiful setups that fail miserably . Right? Right.