I am getting one-hour to two-hour trades. It's not that I am not getting them, but that is not my purpose. I mean, I can take small hits, but I want to take big winners. That's the idea. So, do this exercise. You can take it from April to May. So far, these are all two or three exercises. Dinesh, this is purely for upside management. Okay, the downside is done. There will be no more downside for the next few days. What is happening in velocity? The initial bust that happens to you, Dinesh, is okay. Immediately after you enter, the next five to 10 minutes are kind of critical on determining how fast you are raising your costs. Okay? After that, daily or weekly doesn't matter. The next participant is going to determine your trade out. What should your scan be like? Whatever the market is moving upon. Your scan should be based on that. What we're doing is we often create a scan based on what we're looking for, not what the market is giving. I'm looking at the upside, meaning it's come down, and then basically assume the peak point was at 9:15 or the opening, and then you kind of settle down, and then there are a couple of spikes . So, what happened there is exactly that, but what happened is a consolidation in the week. And if you see your journal, Dinesh, what happened was you've got good stocks which you've identified in the evening, correct, but that will never cover the feedback that the market has given you between 90 and 100. Your entry has been overdone, and that is one of the biggest flaws of a journal because errors of commission do not get accounted for. I always buy Indian snaps and reversals. Whereas earlier you must have seen that I have avoided the V shape recovery at many places as a base or other way but this immediate snap back does not come straight down and then tested and moving average and box it is working really well Dinesh its complete feedback look has not gone. It will go deeper into this right now we are sure sure I think more than this the problem is you are on the upside okay if you see the four to five trades which have gone up right that is purely because you have chosen a theme like take HFCL or Slite or Tejas also an extended Ola stocks and you have a good MMF it is not stocks which was only set up everything had a theme behind it so here even if I take the upper stocks right and the may stocks some of it. okay? One comment here was that most of it was that the entry was fine and the management was okay. That is because you are doing good management on an average stock. Hmm, okay, correct. What happens like HFCL ? The moment you get a good stock. Okay, then what you are trying to do is you are trying to replicate the same tight management of what you are doing on an average and a squatting stock to a good stock. Hum hum correct and that is leaving means cutting of the upside here but at that time we don't even know whether it will go up you want to know so let us do one thing I did an exercise one or two wait I will show you to share the screen for just a minute yes yes yes yes see now the data points have been collected the analysis has also been done a little bit the focus will be on how to utilize it in the next view session but what is there in these data points Dinesh you will only find errors of commission which are there in the journal okay the errors of commission that will not be there now suppose say in this week suppose it was a dead topic kind of a week okay you will see only those plates in the journal which you have taken you will not see those which were in your actual but you did not take there was a part no where you are getting of it suppose five to 10 you chose two and three which did not work correct correct my observation was also that did I have another To add dimension to this, we need to see what happened that day and what I picked. So, what I had done was I had done this long back because I have the same problem that I missed a lot of trades. Okay, so what I used to do was actually for cohort three. I had asked him to do it, and he did it pretty well. Okay? So, in April itself, I mean, he was quite a decent trader. Cohort three's new one came out, but I asked him to do an exercise. April was underperforming. So, I asked him to remove all the top 50 movers of April. Okay? Then go through the charts individually. Okay? From the top 50, then start buffering with these four zones. Okay? Now the green zone is something far away. It is in his radar, and he has also taken an entry. So, he has identified the stock, entered the stock. It doesn't matter right now whether he has entered or incorrectly managed nothing of that. We're just trying to sort out the identification and prioritization problem right now. Then the orange line is something which should have come into his radar. It was a normal trade, a bread and butter trade, but he missed it. So, that can be either because it didn't come up in his scan or he wasn't paying attention to it for whatever reason. So, for example, last week, I think I placed a trade. Now, that is my primary setup. I would have jumped it with all of that, but I missed it. So, those are the stocks which are directly in my radar, but I missed it. So, that becomes the orange zone. Okay, the yellow zone are the stocks which I think I could have taken, if not on a daily time frame. All my normal trades are regularities, but I could have taken on a creative and an alternative route and still got an entry. Okay, so for example, day two is something which I use for urgent key stocks. It's not a day to take, and of a thing which I do, that becomes the yellow zone. Okay, now. Like Ola. I may just go to an intraday. It's persistent momentum and an intraday. I can figure out how to buy. I don't need to look at a daily chart for that. Okay. Okay. So the only difference between orange and yellow is that in orange it is very obvious to you that you might miss it. In yellow you can figure out a much more creative and an unorthodox way to actually get into it. Okay. Okay. The red zone are the stocks ki bhai woh chal gaya, bhaag gaya but you don't know how to take it. It was a very random move and you will give the okay if you see most of it right for you are doing long in the orange and the yellow zone you know you could have but it has not come into your red up and this will never be captured in the journal, only your green and red will not come in us, okay but mostly green will come, okay or the red ones will start coming, those which you felt were momentum, they just never moved, correct. Correct. So this creates the problem in the omission thing. Okay? I will add another one. Okay? Do this one exercise. You can take it from April to May. Okay? So far these are all, there will be two-three exercises, Dinesh. This is purely for upside management. Okay? Downside is done. Now there will be no more downside for the next few days at least. What will this end up getting? This will start bridging the gap between what you're trading and what's actually moving in the market. One, because I was looking at all your Aprils, like if I sort of, in fact, I would say that if you look directly after April 17th, which is April 27th, then kind of that FOMO thing was also playing there, saying, " Brother, I missed those 10 days." Right? Yes, that's also one factor I think I was considering. So, for example, on the 27th, you 'll see that out of three supplies in MNM, two were taken in one go, meaning less. Yes, tell me. No, if you're right, all of these are somewhere with a catalyst on the back end, right? Either it's an EP trade, or Bajaj is just following up your previous EP. One, right? Sare Gamma was a day two, there was some news in it, was Sare I don't no, no Sare Gamma I think normally, it was a result, yes the result came, the result came, so next okay yes, so okay , EP's day two, so yes this is with a catalyst, this was with a catalyst, this was with a catalyst, this was with a catalyst, catalyst everything is a catalyst, right, hum okay, so whenever you are concentrating on your sticks without a pattern and going over the momentum of it, you are doing much better, hum okay, hum okay, now what do we do in this, let's do this exercise which he did, the red, blue, green one, let's do that, I will tell you the other exercise, by doing Karunakar, which is, we just did it earlier this week, okay, he had sent it, okay, so in this, similarly on top of that, he is doing a lot more of velocity also, okay so now What's happening in velocity is your initial bust, Dinesh. Okay, immediately after you enter, the next five to 10 minutes are kind of critical on determining how fast you're raising your costs. Okay, after that, daily, weekly, it does n't matter. The next participant is going to determine your trade outcome. Now with that your initial bust is as much as it happened if that initial bust is one and half 2% up okay okay you will be at cost plus okay because you got that much room to take it up okay the worst of the trades are which is there in your case also as soon as you took the next bar the red bar came and went down yes with in the next three to four minutes you know that you are underwater and you start saying what did you do either it may be because of the trade and it may be just that the trade did not work correct so here we put in the whole initial bust of all trades okay and then we started putting it in cloud initial bust means what happened in the next five to ten minutes of its entry like that next so what will happen to you if it goes up after that there will be a pullback then after consolidating and opening we are talking only about the first thing that happened okay Got it because if it is a real momentum trade, right? Okay, what will happen is the initial bust will be high. Correct, it will never come even ₹1 below your cost. Okay, like take Samro or HFCL, kind of. You are initially busting yourself for 3 to 5% and you are initially two hours plus with in the first few minutes itself. Correct, so right now its win rate was coming very low. Like this, it was around 10 to 15%, right? This win rate was also very low. Okay, it was hardly coming in teams only. So we actually started doing this, where there were losses, that is, zero price first, it has gone, it has immediately spotted. Yes, okay, I also saw this, yes, with me also the same thing is happening with you also. Okay, so then we are implementing its session right now. Yes, so see. There are two ways, there are some losses which you cannot avoid, correct, correct, okay, specifically, what happens if the next three candles go down with a bang . Okay , what will help is you not taking the good trades in HFCL as I said. Okay, there is a particular initial bust zone. Now this, I did it for myself, it helped me. Okay? That's why I said it, telling you. When an initial bust is crossed, Dinesh. Okay? Then your risk management will slightly change. Okay? So when I say, I am micro managing until I am getting risk free and then I am letting it go in ep to an extent. Okay? Okay. So what, until I have brought cost plus , I am watching the minute by minute candles. Okay, when I'm looking at a minute-by-minute candle, when I'm looking at the first 10 to 15 minutes, where it is, the volatility is very high. Okay, you don't look at a 1-minute candle at 12 o'clock in the room. All of your things that you were saying about mid- day entries going wrong, just check if you ventured into a very higher time frame, a lower time frame, mid-day. Okay, when the volatility was low and the lower time frames had more noise, yes, yes, that means it is pure noise, that is what is cut off. So, when do you go into lower time frames? When their tick date is very concentrated. So, your 1-minute 96 candle will have a lot more ticks than what even a 5-minute candle at 12 o'clock will do. Correct? So, the point of going into lower time frames is just that you are buffering the data and organizing it a little bit. You are taking better tech buffering. That's beyond the point of one minute. Correct, no, not correct. My observation is also the same. Right now, whatever mid-day trades are there, you see one or two candles that yes, demand is coming in right now, okay, and then after that, in the next minute, it suddenly He die down to correct and also what you see in the first half an hour to the first 15 minutes okay what you see between 9:30 to 10 what you see at 10 to 11 11 to 12:30 if you divide the whole day in five to six time zones the quality of momentum across these five to six time zones will differ what I am saying at 12 o clock will not be the same what I am saying at 9 okay at 12 o clock what are you looking at that suppose you are seeing reversal if it was a stung stock has come down a little. I am expecting it to reverse and take out the hai ok and I have gone up a bit but right now it is consolidating and there is a chance to give a second initial bos hum now these are different setups and identifications than from a 9:15 identification hum okay what we end up doing is what we do na noon also look at the same stocks which are only in our focus list I was in the previous day's score, so what you have completely ignored is the data point that the market has given you on that particular day [sound of clearing throat] it may be still set up, okay, but on that day the stock may not be in particular momentum, correct? So if you see some of your stocks, as I remember, Dushyant asked a very good question in a workshop, that brother , I take it, after two-three days it moves, okay, I stop out, after that, after two-three days, I see whether the stock breaks out and goes up, I think which P focus or some example, okay, that essentially happens when we are stuck to our focus list and not seeing what the market is giving on that particular day, correct? So, in its case, you will see that wherever it was hardly a 1%, everything has gone for a loss, so Now some losses were happening in this Dinesh went up, they were very less, but in the next five minutes it went down, okay, if the bust has gone up a bit, if it is hardly 1% then it is stag, okay then the probability of him taking the whole stop loss is much higher, yes, yes, suppose I took it at 100, it went to 10001, my stop loss is suppose 98, okay, now I don't need to maintain my stop loss at 98 again, so many of the traders, I could see you doing it a little higher because the probability at the moment this initial bust is very low, your probability has reduced, but there is one more thing, like I was also looking at my losing trade, the analysis in which it is written, which will say initial bust or MF A, okay, which means M, yes, which means what is going in my favor, okay, it is six or 58, which I clearly saw here also that even 1% He's not going away. Okay? Again, he's in a losing trade. Okay? So it is not even touching 1% and then I think in that case yours is either stopped or it has to be cut, that is trailing stop, but then how to control it, I think if you are saying that it has to be trailed immediately, okay, no, so you can identify it fast, now see this, just now this three, which we put in the close, okay, you did not get time to exit, yes exactly that is what I am saying, yes you will not get time, yes exactly, yes, if this 2 to, if it goes above 2%, okay , then see everything is either a break even and a win, okay, so where is your win rate increasing, where your initial bust is more than 2%, correct, where is it not going wrong, where it is less than 1%, okay, now these 14 trades, there have been losses here, completely okay, keep to OK there are now in this 14 there are two types one type is where I took immediately in the next five minutes my stop loss is hit. There is no consolidation only squat after that. OK? OK ? Can't do anything. OK? That means you need to take a full stop loss one. OK? OK? The second case is up but it stagnates a lot around your cost. Hmmm OK. I took at 100 and went to 101. Then, between 10099 and 10099, it has been stagnating for the next half an hour or one hour. We're okay, in that case, the probability for him is much higher that it will go down. We 're okay, then I don't need to keep my stop loss at 98 or 97. I can take it up to 99, whatever, or cut it off. If that's also an option, don't close. What's the problem with that? That sum of this, I actually go up. What you can do is you can save your 5 or you can't say one hour in that. That is the only difference. This is a marginal change, but what it will help you is if it is in this category. We're okay, you've realized that my initial momentum is good. Okay, and keep a mindset that brother, now I need to give it more. Okay, okay, one. Because if you see all your winning trades which have happened, right? Yes. And if you check the initial bust in your winning trades, this will be very high. Okay, so if I want to create a pattern of just winning trades, for your first 10, you will see that your initial bust is very high. Okay, so now in this, I used to do a combined exercise. Okay, let's say I take the April stocks , or let's take this one for the whole month. Okay, if I was taking this, okay? Now, suppose if I take the ORB here, or take it here, or take it here, I'm going to get stopped out. Yes, my trade is gone. Okay? Then I go ahead. If this works, okay? This is a very high initial bust in Itself. It never comes. We're fine. So what will my trade feedback give me now? It'll say bad here, good here . The stock wasn't wrong in both, but my feedback ended up. Now let's combine both to an extent, Dinesh. Okay? First, take the top 50 stocks from April till now. Let's divide it into two fractions. Okay. Then just go to each of the charts. Okay? On intraday levels and whatever you want to check up. Okay? See if your orange and yellow buffers are purely correct. Okay? So, I'll give you an example. Now, one thing you'll see is that I'm refreshing my watchlist on a daily basis. Okay? So, now I don't have the old historical watchlist telling me that I was watching this on that day. Yes, it won't. What should your scan be like? Whatever the market is moving upon, our scan should be based on what we're doing. We often create a scan based on what we're looking for, not what the market is giving. So, if you see the good part about that easy money scan, you know, it's a very clean, pure momentum scan. There's nothing else to it. If it's a momentum scan, by default, it's going to get you the top movers. Okay, so those of you who are doing A and A, what Dinesh is doing is, we're not imposing our setup on it. In A and A, we're just seeing whether it's in momentum or not. Okay, so if it's in momentum, it's either in yellow or orange . Okay, if it's in A, we'll figure out a way to enter. Okay, okay. Like, I'll give you an example. Now it was like this idea, this setup came, DMS bounced. Okay? This is one of my better setups that I like to take. Okay? Now these things. Okay ? This was a pure orange stone for me. Correct. Okay? Suppose I take something from last month . Let's take it and relax. Idea Farz also comes in the same list in which I told you about your value separation or momentum separation, okay, your stock was in momentum and because of the market we or okay, now look at this Dinesh, okay, now see this move, this is what nearly doubled in about 10-15 days, okay, now if you see this what, if you want to take normal setups, what all will you take, suppose here one day two can come for example, day two, correct because we spoke on day two, okay, after that here you may think that brother I will take or not, I am not too sure, okay, you may want to wait for more consolidation, otherwise if you see after that, it has been a very clean move without really an entry, correct, I go on, or its move started from here, see, now this was the first day of the move, the first of April, okay, before this it never came in the radar, correct, now how Do I see it right now? This should have come up on my radar on the 6th, on a day two entry, for example. Okay, right now on the 6th, let me see how the chart moved. Now, this was a very clean opening range breakout. We 'll see it work. The initial post is also quite nice here. We'll correct it. Went up. This gave me another entry at 10 o'clock. Correct now at 9:15. What I'm going to look at is 9:15. What are the scans you're doing? Are you either doing a gap-up scan? Okay, or looking at your previous day's focus list, which opening range is breaking out? That's your it. Go to the zone between 9:15. Okay, what will you look at at 9:30? At 9:30, you'll look at those that haven't broken out at 9:15 , and some of those setups are about to break out. What will we look at at 10 o'clock? Okay? At 10 o'clock you will see the stocks which have broken out for example but have not broken out so much to complete the range okay like this just this day two it went up but it is now consolidating after a breakout hum correct so this is very highly probable to give your second leg of the move like your Saregama also okay so what Saregama did in the first half an hour it ran then it spotted it then it did not break down it consolidated for the next hour and hum correct so if I have to scan Saregama what do I need to do I need to create a scan which will identify this factor and show me that scan at 10 o'clock 11 o'clock and 12 o'clock so the day which means top movers will be them let us just first identify the national of it correct correct correct correct okay so if Chirag had a identify If he did, what would he have done? He must have scanned according to the day two. Okay? And he would have entered according to the day two logic. If I am a day trader, what would I do? I would look at stocks that are in momentum, but which one has the probability of going up at 12:00? That rationale separates from what I am looking at at 9:15 in the morning. Correct. Correct. Right now, where in the stock will the logic come in? It will come at 10 o'clock with the same logic that it has run up, but it has not run so high that it cannot run up at all. Yes. Correct. If you see again, if I do the same scan at 11 and 12, I will get this popping up again. Okay, so this goes up. Okay, now then it goes and hits an upper circuit. Okay, now when to take it on day three? Now this becomes your reversal. The reversal upper circuit came, went down, then it reverses, then goes up. Okay, where will it fail? If I scan this right now at 10 o'clock, it will fail because the initial momentum in itself and the initial range that in itself has covered is very big. Hum, correct? If I take it from here to here, now this may work, it may not work. But if you see this has already covered 15-16% of the correct. Okay, so this may not be as much of an upside here at 10 o'clock. At 10 o'clock on the day before, correct. So look at this, hum It went up here, so here then you see if it really stagnates over the whole day, then it doesn't do anything. Okay, so if you're trailing, if you 're a day trader, what would you see, brother, it has already moved this much, isn't it? This is a good point to trade if I'm in a velocity and a hybrid, sorry, a good point to sell if I'm in a velocity and a hybrid, okay, yes, it could be, but if you're doing the same, this is not a good point to sell even if it has moved on a date ago and goes further. Okay? Now see a consolidation day, nothing really much happened. On a consolidation day, nothing much most likely broke even in that, if they gave a consolidation in the second half, this one at 12:00, yes, okay, if it has come into your entry, this was the only option here, if you took the opening range, there was no other option. Okay. If we scanned 230 for a strong close, it could have come here, but it would have been stopped out the next day. Yes, this would have been a BTS. Then, see the next day, this was on the 15th as a very strong opening range. If it had come, it would have come at 10 o'clock. That's it. Yes, okay? Then it goes up, then it stagnates over the hold day. Now, if you look at one or two of your trades, Dinesh, what have you done now? The moment it broke out, right? You are trying to buy it in this consolidation. We are correct, you have gone for this mid-day consolidation, and here you have got a stop. In fact, I am looking at the reverse, meaning the downward movement. After that, basically assume that this peak point is your 9:15 or opening point. And then it kind of settles down, and then pick a couple of spikes there, that's what happened there. Exactly, but what is that consolidation ? Is it a consolidation between weakness and strength? It's the same thing, because it's in weakness, that's why it's so high. That's why I told you to cut my trade because even in that case, you're seeing significant losses. Even if this happens here, there 's a possibility that your move will go in that direction because the initial leg , the first one-and-a-half-hour leg, is positive. It 's already done here, Dinesh. If you take the median line of 1420, the participants here and the participants here are different, right? We're correct. Then I'll go further. Okay? No, look at this here. Okay? It's consolidating. It goes up after breaking out the opening range. This is an ideal thing that you would want to look at at 12 o'clock and 1 o'clock scans. Okay? It has gone down, broken a day's range. Okay? Then it is now consolidating again. So there is a very high probability that it may go up in the second half near the close. So if I say, if I see this stock at 12, and one, I am hoping for, if I simply put a stupid payday high bit here, it makes for a good risk-reward. So what do I know? Everywhere it is your same logic and gap down and reversal which is working well for you. What is a gap down and a reversal? It is ideally a strong stock which has an open week but will now get demand resumption. Yes, we are looking at demand resumption only, correct? Yes, I am looking at the same in EP entry also. Negative or tight demand is strong, it's taking a pause. Demand is resuming. Every point, the common threat is what? Demand resumption after the strength. Correct? Okay? Now, this, you can find it in different ways during the day. Right? Okay, then it goes up. Okay, tell me one more thing. This demand resumption that we're seeing, right? Should we see a V-shaped demand resumption from the late, or your consolidation from the late, and after that, maybe a spike, a candle, on which you see big volume, and then it dies down. Okay? Look at that one, or I mean, we 'll have to analyze it a little. I've written it down. So I'll just sit on it and analyze. So, what will happen in this news? When you look at day charts, Dinesh, you'll see two types of consolidation. Okay? Now these are obviously not going to be as linear as you get on a day. Okay? If you get the stocks, right? Okay? [sound of clearing throat] See, your winners will be linear during the whole day. They have inconsistent momentum throughout the whole day. Okay? Well, you know what EP stocks are? They give a complete initial bust, but they will keep on going gradually throughout the whole day. Correct, one kind of winner. The second kind of winners are those who are up immediately in the first half of an hour, then do nothing over the rest of the day. Okay, the third kind of winners are those which will keep on going off of busts. Okay, like, the stock has gone up, consolidated, went up, consolidated, went up, consolidated, okay, it becomes like a seller's face. Okay, now if I'm wanting to get into winners on a particular day. How can I manage it? If the first one is showing gradual persistent momentum, continuously like a normal slope, then I just need to make an entry, stupid entry, brother, find an anchor point or I get it. Okay? Whatever entry I take, we should mostly work if it's a good stock. Are we okay? The second one is the one which immediately goes up a lot in the first half of an hour and then stagnates over the rest of the day. Okay? Then I can do only one thing, brother, if I miss the opening range, then I am out, then I don't have an opportunity really because most of the day's range anyway gets covered. Ok, the third type will be what is this, which was the stair case, right stair case, this becomes your ideal for a day's patterns. Ok, now look at this Dinesh, what scan can you put in it ? Ok, if you want to put it in the scan, okay, this will not be visible anywhere in your setup, we will not see it at all. Correct, so what will you have to do, you will have to sort, you will have to scan according to the percentage on that particular day. Ok, now you can't go about 12-14% because most of the day's range will be over. Ok, so what are you looking for? You are looking for stocks which have moved up but not moved up a lot. So let me take a range if it has to be very wide. Let's take from 3 to 12%, for example, or 14%. Okay, I just scan this for a liquidity pattern. Okay? And then, if I start looking at my winning patterns like this, I'll identify stocks that are going to break out at different times of the day. Okay? That's exactly what the focus list should be, what the market is giving you. If you see your journal, yes, Dinesh, what happened ? You've got good stocks that you've identified in the evening. Correct. But that will never cover the feedback that the market has given you between 90 and where your entry has been. Okay, and that's one of the biggest clauses in a journal because errors of commission don't get accounted for. Correct. No, I noticed that too. That's what I said, I also noticed that something is missing, a dimension, this is missing. Yes, so if you look at the management, which we've been doing on the downside so far, it doesn't mean you're doing anything more than that. You've reached a good enough level where the delta isn't going to be much higher after this. Yes, okay, but you would rather have a very average management, also in a well-moving stock and that particular day. Agree, the same, if I were to go to HFCL, the stock system, this, if you look at this actual stock, this is literally one way right. Well, if a day trader is taking a normal, conventional setup, if he feels like taking this flag with buyers, then he will take it, otherwise there is something else. Not only that, everyone would have missed it, yes, there was nothing in it, okay , let me go on this, this was a bit of a, okay, let's grab the beans from here, let's finish the analysis, okay, now see this, this gapped up, okay, right now if you had taken it here, it would not have happened during much during a day, nothing would have happened, okay, now see the next, this is what, this is kind of between part two and part three, if you want to take the initial bus, if you saw this at 10:00, you would have got it, okay, but after that, see, it has gone up a lot in the first half, then it has not gone up again, correct, okay, this, if you see, is the perfect day to enter, we correct, right now this one when we take the scam, Dinesh, okay, see this, this has gone up pot during the day, is roughly about 5%, 30, 5 to 6% , yes, okay, it is still moving in the day, right now when this Consolidation comes now this is a very good entry point for me to take okay see this is your gap down and reversal okay so if I keep going on like this day by day right you will find so many entry points which you will actually transfer your whole stocks from yellow to orange okay okay okay so when will the MFE increase do you know if I actually go to MFE right I take this out here see whatever MFE is there it see all of these are meaning nothing okay all of this happened why because you have identified the setup it would have set up contraction stage whatever our normal criteria would have match okay but the stock is not moving on that particular day and if you are going for a tight stop loss execution what matters a lot more is more than the setup whether it is moving on that particular day or Not correct. So what happened with HFCL? If we were in 15-20 minutes on that day, in that time frame, then we're great. If we weren't giving the stock a run for its money and HFCL moved 100-150%, we would never get an entry out of it. That's absolutely correct. We, and you, would hesitate whether to enter right now or not. Whether to take it or not. That's the way it is. Okay. So the logic is, we enter somehow. If you're biased on the stock, right? We know it's working. Let's just get into it. Yeah, okay. I'll sit down once. I'll analyze it in some detail myself and you'll understand it better. But let's do the next three-four exercises with Dinesh only on the upside of identifying winners. Correct? Okay? And getting into it is fine. Come out with your insights because I have my own. I don't want to disclose it right now because what I brought you is adding to mine too. So let's do that once, then let's share how it is. That's absolutely fine. The rest is fine. Tracking is happening. If you look at the MF chart, I think it's only going up around 1 to 2%. I think it would be in the end. No. So all of this, when I was saying right, these are all good. Okay? Right now, I only have two things: we need to increase the trade risk and we need to increase the MSC. We end up doing that, it will completely shift. Correct. If you go to the quarterly matrix, I've clearly marked when my program started, it started in Q4. I tried to use the green color, which is TradeTM. I haven't got that shade yet. Okay ? But you can clearly see that in my previous quarters, I was taking 25-25 trades, but that became 74 trades in Q4. Okay? And then, the only difference I noticed was that my last line, the average holding period of losers, has gone down to zero. Okay? So immediately out. Okay? So, your capital is getting freed up, and your frequency thing, which I think Chirag also talks about a lot of times, has improved a lot . Okay? So, I have seen that, and the worst quarter, not even there, you have a decent end of this thing. If you see, the fourth quarter was the worst quarter among the four. Yes. So, I think no, for me, the first quarters were also going bad. But it was like this that I mean no market wise, yes I mean I am talking portfolio wise, so portfolio wise, I mean it was going bad, but lastly this buffering is visible, right, so what is happening is you are taking much lower losses more immediately, right, so this ratio is dramatically changed, correct, right, what more do we have to do with this ratio, to emphasize on this ratio, no more, now Need to increase the average win correct correct correct correct correct still see the 74 trades correct out of which 65 for me are useless correct correct correct agree okay so right now the one bell of yours was yes that is the last bell right it will be the last one let's go right here yes this one yes I remember this or this one we have this one of this year which is being made right now below yes this is 26 27 this is year right yes this part is majorly okay this will have two changes in it one partially it will start coming a little here so that initial first exercise we were doing Dinesh that will help you start slightly getting the two big bars here our second change what I am what we were doing the green orange was this one this needs to start coming more here correct correct correct correct this will happen then the matrix completely changes the same as you mentioned yesterday about the inch warm I think it's the same thing. Yes, it's moving. I think we'll see how it goes now. But my idea is the same : how can we shift the red walls that are forming right now, from 2% to 1%, and bring them from zero to one? That would be a good deal. But okay, I mean, I think it's stabilized there, so at least one or two trades will breach that wall. But that's okay, that'll work. So, Dinesh, do this exercise: the red, blue, green ones. Okay, okay. Second, the initial verse see, if you want to, if not do it from the trades here. Fourth, okay? Either take the last 15-20 trades, that won't take much time. Okay? Third, do this exercise deliberately: scan your daily winners, take the 4% up winners. Okay? I do that deliberately before I start my normal scan. It becomes like a routine. Okay? They go and see the whole 4% top movers list of the day and see what you could have taken. Okay, both on the intraday daily list. However, so it may either fit into your orange or fit into your yellow. We are right. I mean, in a way, your scenario. Yes, I will do this. Well, you told me, so this is one thing which was missing. And I was also thinking that means something is right. I think I will add this. Okay, feedback look, Dinesh. It can run on each aspect. Like we are making a trading plan in the same way in every aspect. Like we had controlled the downside, so now we don't have to do that anymore . Okay, you already reached the level which is your maximum level. Correct , correct . So, I came to 1.5, so now there is no point in going below that. Correct, correct. Now what is a point? Now we can also look at other aspects of it. What can we see in other aspects based on the problem? Are you selecting the right opportunity or not? Are you not managing that opportunity properly or not or there are many parts in management also like when you create a process then we will see that the trail you do on break even, if you ever feel that if I am doing one hour trail then more stocks are going then we will see what would have happened if I had done it for two hours, what would have happened if I had done it for 1.5 hours, then when we will make different scenarios and figure it out then you will have, that is, if you do that exercise then what will be the benefit from it, you are not reaching to conclude which we are providing, okay, if you do it yourself then you see, you go through so many charts, so what is it roughly, I will not say that your whole year will be wasted in these improvements, but understand that in bringing a plan to completion, you have data of each and every aspect or you have experienced it or done it yourself and you should roughly make a plan which can be called major change. Your period of change is fine. The most major changes will happen in the first three to six months , and then, within a year, you'll reach a conclusion where you have a good plan for what you want to do, where you have confidence. Correct, correct. So, it's not like that. Keep on taking the trades. Small losses won't affect you. As you just saw, if you had taken HFCL, you could have made a lot of money. It would have flown away. So, that behavior won't remain the same. Mostly, correct. Even if things go badly, don't worry about it. Keep taking trades. You have good potential. Just don't be scared of that. Okay? No, no, no. Look, like I said, I'm not thinking about one or two hours . And I think I'm ready for the paper cuts. So, these paper cuts. It has consolidated and made 4-5% now. But the earlier draw is always there in the back of my mind. Okay? I think I am ignoring that and focusing on my future journey which I started from January . But I want to know the first time, when I started the trade team, it was running around 35%. So it is a huge product. Okay? So I am ignoring that. Okay? Right now at this point of time. But I have kept it in my trading plan because that is going to happen to you know, some how you know and again and again I mean something or the other will happen in my back of the mind. But I'm just ignoring it and following the process, following the feedback. But since I started TradeTM, there's been a slight increase, which is around 45% . It's running at around 38-39%. But you've clearly seen the difference. I'm reaching around 150 trades in the next two quarters, which I didn't even take in the entire year. The frequency has definitely increased. That's one good point because you have more opportunities. Secondly, my losers, right? They're being cut down immediately. The ones I used to sit on for 9-10 days, they give me feedback and eliminate me immediately. That's one good thing. I had a conversation with Anurag about MTF. Okay? In the last feedback, I started trying MTF in the last two weeks, thinking, let's give it a try. Okay? So, once my portfolio reached 100%, I thought, "Yes, genuinely, there could be a capital problem. So, let's try that." Okay? Until you try, you won't know how to leverage it. Okay? I'm going all out. How to add a new dimension, something I haven't explored before. Okay? Overall, we've covered the lower end . You can see the work on the upper end. I've already taken down the feedback Anurag and you just gave. Okay? So, I'll work on it . I won't understand it until I do it myself. Okay? But it's a good idea, you know , to move in that direction. So, I'll follow that. But clearly, from January till now, I'm seeing a difference. I mean, there's no traction between the two portfolios. But that's okay. Meaning, your overall trade-taking and progress towards becoming a better trader is where traction lies. That's what matters most in the long run. Okay? Because this short-term volatility will remain. Okay? And I'm not worried about it. I mean, two or four lakhs up and down, that's okay. I mean, I'm not thinking. I would add one point: for example, in your setup, one setup that you are more convinced by is the gap-down reversal one. So, for you, as for me, I am able to correlate it because it is my five-star setup. In a way, it is good. Okay, it is not the memorization of the setup; it is about human psychology, correct. Okay, so you see, on days when the market falls, I become more interested next to it or negative news comes. I become far more interested in taking it. I am also thinking about when the retailers will run away in fear and when I can enter. Because that is a much more powerful move than you know which is normal, so when you get an emotion and the reason behind that, you will create a set of umbrella of setup sir. We are correct. Okay? So when we used to say five star setup, people used to say that five star setup means how it is in your visual memory. It is not about the visual memory. It is about the emotions that are playing at different stages. Like right now a parabolic shot named CAR. Okay? Now if you go to the Game Stop solution, you will see the Game Stop trade, the Maggi trade, or similar trades, meaning you will see that the same human psychology will be at play for these trades. Major, which you will say is a five-star setup or you will say that it should be read, it should be read, right, those kind of setups were all closed in those cases, so it is not the visual memory which creates a five-star setup, it is the understanding of human emotion, that is why don't limit yourself to gap down, reverse, expand the universe, think all other ways where the retailer will be frustrated and here your situational awareness is Okay, you trade with situational awareness, just avoid mid-stakes and if you feel that it is working then look at that double down, which one is intense. Now understand the difference between intense and slow sell-off, intensity creates a lot more fear. Right? Slow sell-off. If there is a pullback on your time, I never buy pullbacks of slow sell-offs. I always buy intense snaps and reversals . Whereas earlier you must have seen that at many places, after avoiding V-shaped recovery, I bought as a base and other ways. But this immediate snap-snap back does not happen, it comes straight down and then tested and moving average and buy. It is working really well.