No, this is very good actually because sometimes I don't get time at 9:00 or 5:15 in the office, so even if you get some time later, then you can run that scan at that point of time that doesn't become a single asset, single direction, single setup kind of trader. Okay, I don't only also become just an opening range trader. And this is a very linear stock. Which flags will you break, Anurag? Where your opening range has run out very quickly in the first 15-20 minutes, and then it is flat out for the next part of the day. This is what happened with Galt. In that, it ran out 89% in 5 minutes. Yes, that's exactly what happened. Now, this is a bad flag because the opening range in itself is very high. So, even if I am taking this flag right, I can't manage it loosely. Okay. In fact, even Hind Oil, I won't manage it loosely. But the conviction there will be a lot more because the day's range is much lower. A lot of bull markets have actually lost like this. Because we stay stuck in our stock, but the market is moving on something else on that particular day. Okay? If you look at today's top five movers, right? If I look at today's entire list, right? I don't think more than five and 10% of the list would actually have come into the normal range. [Music] If you look at RSPV, maybe this day it's because of the market that this gap down happened. I don't know, maybe it's market responsive. These gap ups can also trade. Mainly, if you want to select today, then pick out the top stocks. I see only two top drilling stocks . The rest is fine. These were good trades today. You can also check these tomorrow. So, among the top biggest movers, see which ones, like we had rejected this one yesterday on the scan because we felt that it was looking a little too extended, a direct V shape from here. Okay, let's do one thing. Okay, today's edge is 4%, right? Let's go like this and let's just run to the group to see what you take today. Actually, was it even able to take an entry today? Okay, okay, okay, this exercise that I keep telling everyone is to match what actually moved in the market and where all your focus was. Okay, to balance this, okay, okay, if someone enters this stock, no, Hindustan Oil , there is no possibility. Forget even in the first 5 minutes, for example, okay, it may not appear in the gap-up scan. Okay , put it on the 5-minute chart once. Yes, okay, could this have come at any other point of the day? If I run a 4% scan, for example, at 10 o'clock, it would have appeared, but it actually did not have such a good effect. If you look at it, what was not there in the old intraday, which we mostly do not mean, was it a trending day or not? Jagdish, it was a trending day. Yes, very clean, right? Yes, I'll go back now. Okay, if you actually have to identify such a stock, what are you doing? Two, you're thinking. One, you're thinking about how to enter in the first half hour, maybe. Okay, second, don't think about which scan comes in, think about whether this was enterable at any point. Yes, it came in my scan. Actually, I scanned around it. Yes, yes, yes, no, I was just saying, not the intraday run, that stock as well. I was saying that, the pivot wasn't made very well. Actually, for intraday as well, I was just saying that for me, the one at 10:15, which is the flag, the one at 10:30, okay, wasn't that good? Exactly, okay, a little earlier, yes, yes, yes, got it. If I would have run a 4% scan at 10:30, what were we doing last week? What was our supposed breakdown of execution? Let's do it. Okay [sound of clearing throat] We're not doing only 9:15 to 9:30 execution. Okay, from now on, the first 15 minutes will move differently. Okay, your 9:30 to 10 will move differently. Okay, 10 to 12 will move differently. Okay, 12 to 1:30 will move differently. 1:30 to 3 will move differently. 3 to 3:30 will move differently. Okay, each one will move differently. Okay, your 9:15 to 9:30 chart will look different. You're majorly looking at opening range breakouts when you're going to the 12 breakout. Okay? So, suppose I'm scanning at 11:00. Okay? Then what am I looking at? I'm looking at two things, suppose Chirag says gap down, which one is he doing, taking gap down and doing reversal. Right? My focus was on less. It didn't give a strong start, but it is making a very I'm going to buy today and break the day's high, and it may trigger my entry. Okay? And something which is already in strength like this. Okay? But the opening range has broken out to start. It's currently consolidating, and I may trade it for the second leg of the move like this. So, correct? So, my 10 to 12 objective of finding is different from the 9:15 to 9:30 objective. Yes, yes, so what are we doing? If we keep on using the opening range everywhere at 2 o'clock, we won't find any stocks. Correct? Suppose, what will I look for in the 12 to 2 slot at 2:30? Okay, I'm looking at stocks which have literally not moved in the 10 to 12 slot yet. Okay? But I'm looking at a very strong stock which may give a strong close of sorts. Okay? Like EP stocks, they move a lot in the first half hour. Okay? Then it will cool down the whole day. It will create a three-four hour kind of flag. Okay? But I can expect it to move with in the last half an hour or an hour. Okay? A small bust occurred. I got it around closing. Next day again I can take an entry. Yes. And some stocks, at the last closing, I feel there is a chance of a gap up the next day. For example, okay. So what I am doing is I am doing this 4% scan. No, I am not looking only at the 9:15 to 9:30 bracket. If you are doing a gap up scan, that is a 9:15 bracket scan. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay? But just because this does not gap up does not mean this was not tradable. Yes, why am I specifically telling you this Jagdish, that if you are scanning the entire day, right, your results cannot be the same across the six hours, six and a half hours, yes, yes, yes, at every hour, and to your procedural memory of that intraday chart, the breakout will keep on changing. Correct, if you miss even the 10:15 mark, right? Suppose you scan it again at 11:00, you will see a perfect-looking linear flag there. Yes. Right. Now, from there, 132 types, the stock has what? Nearly moved up to 149, 150, up ₹1. Okay. Correct, right? So, if I am scanning at 11:00 , that is exactly the pattern that I want to see. You should put this on the daily chart. If I put this on the daily chart, this will look like your Anand Rathi chart of 23 . "Yes, yes, okay. So, even if you miss the first half of an hour or an hour of the moon, Jagdish, what are you doing as a day trader? You can still compensate with a bigger size if you get a good setup and a good risk-reward entry at 11 o'clock, and still make the same amount of profit. That's what I do. Actually, I keep scanning the top gainer list, that is, and look for intraday. Yes, so see this but don't end up looking at the same thing at 11 o'clock what you would want to look at 9:30 yes no no yes yes yes correct so what was this, this gap up may not have come in the scan, it will be tough if we take it, okay but in the 10:30 11 o'clock scan it was absolutely ideal, right, yes yes yes that's what inside ma'am I want to ask one thing, how will we do this 4% scan, we will go here for intraday and simply do this net change. So you get all the stocks, so these are the changes that happened that day. Yes yes yes yes these are not daily intraday updates, these intraday updates keep happening, right. These keep getting updated every few seconds . Like here auto refresh is off or if you want auto refresh it will auto refresh every 10 seconds. Otherwise, the moment you open it, it gets refreshed, that's why it is very easy there, whenever I open it, I get refreshed, what is the harm in auto refreshing for me, that it will consume more, in that case, okay, so now if I am doing it at 11:00 , then I have booked 4%, suppose I am looking at it at 1:00, then what percentage should I look at, then at 1:00, I will look at 4% only, because that 4% plus percentage, also, if you want to see the objective of this scan, it is not selection, it is actually reduction and elimination, okay, if I want to see above 4%, suppose I would rather keep 3.5%, okay, if I want to see above 3%, I will keep it at 2 and 1/2%, so that 2.9% does not get eliminated, okay, and see why I had also come, I know to an extent. Yesterday , Dushyant asked a very good question. Right? He was selecting, he said, a stock, well. Right? But the day he takes it, he stops out. Yes. The stock moves the next day or two. Okay? This is a very common problem. Okay? The day you took the trade, your stop got out, but a day or two later, it moved. Okay? So this wasn't a stock problem. Right? This was an entry problem and a timing problem. Okay? Which one [sound of clearing throat] did it move? It was PreFocus. If I ever correct myself, yes. Was it PreFocus or was it? Was it Premier Energy? Yes, it was both. It was both. PrimeFocus or the breakout there, where this breakout started, around this point. Okay? I think I took some here, some intraday stops got out. Then it started going up, and some trades went down. Okay, now this is a very common problem, Vaibhav, what happens? The day you entered, okay, the stock has been strong, but on that particular day, it is not strong enough for you to get risk-free. So, okay, so what happens in this case is, in a second, what happens is, many stocks which were not strong before but are a lot stronger today, correct? Are a better opportunity than your initial focus list, which is not moving? So, what we do is, you go in with a premeditated bias that at 9 o'clock, I will look at these 20 stocks. If nothing else except these 20 stocks will move, then I will not look at anything. Right? Now, it is okay if you are working and if you don't want to do it in real time. But someone like Jagdish, who wants to be on the lookout and is scanning the market the whole day, he cannot go with that perspective. No, correct. Then so for each time block you would have a different kind of objective and a stock that you're looking at. Are we right? What will happen in that now, like Hind Oil, which you were watching yesterday, if you had seen it, it would not have come in anyone's radar, no way that you would have known, correct, it came in gap up only if there would have been some news over it, okay, if you want to watch Hind Oil also, there are other oil stocks also which I could have seen, why only Hind Oil, correct, that can only come to you, why a technical scam, okay, and very likely a stock like Hind Oil, you will also miss in the first 15 minutes because you can't anticipate an opening range breakout, then okay, this is that was a stock today which was meant to be spotted only at 10 o'clock, not before that, no, this is very good actually because many times you don't get time at 9:00 and 5:15 in the office, so even if you get some time later, then you can run That scan at that point of time. So today I had to go for a hospital appointment so I got late. Okay, so I did not get time to scan. I was sitting and doing the scan at 2:00 in the afternoon. What happened? So what I could have actually seen at 9 o'clock in the morning. I can't see the same thing at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Hmm okay. So what will I look at at 2 o'clock? I would see stocks which I am expecting a strong close on and a last hour post. Correct. So I am looking at stocks which have moved but are still in a tight range the whole day. Maybe some kind of flag formation is the most important because right now, just come back to that once, sorry, let 's check the intraday ones, like Hind Oil, the 4% scam, yes , yes, yes, okay, yes, come back to the 5-minute one, then okay, okay, now see this, now this has moved a lot, this came on my 2 o'clock scan. Okay, now the upper circuit is not very first, but I am seeing that flag at 2 o'clock, right? After that, it broke out. There was nothing in it. Okay, but I could have seen that again at 3 o'clock, will there be a last-minute revival? It is already strong if it goes up. Okay? So what will happen? I am also accounting for the last half an hour's weighted average closing. Okay? Can I get in a low point entry? Okay? So that the next day I get something on the gap up. Because what happens most often? The stock falls at 320. I get a good buy in the stock, but the closing is higher than my buy price. So I have become risk-free not because of the price move, but because of the closing calculation. Right? That also happens. Now, if I scanned at 11:00, this was an ideal 11 o'clock stock. Right? Right? So what can you do about it? Give me two windows. One for the daily timeframe, one for the intraday timeframe. Right? And then keep on scanning on both. Right? I 'll try. Right? So that one line was there, wasn't it? Don't become a single asset, single direction, single setup kind of trader. Okay? Don't only also become just an opening range trader. Okay? The market is, if you limit yourself to 20 stocks or 10 stocks in your watch list, right? The market, you have already defined that if there is a third man, I will not take a single there. That's okay, Jagdish. Yes, yes, sorry, I was saying something, I am just saying this. This is a good point, I did not think of trying this. Jagdish. Is this point clear? Yes, sir. Yes, yes. But like what you said about the intraday flags that we are looking at? Isn't this the observation here that too many intraday flags are failures? Or is it so you can't look at every intraday flag. No, anything which has moved, right? Beyond a point on that day is going to give a flag. Yes, yes, exactly, because I was looking at Gallant also for today. So, it looks like it has a flag, but it broke out and it paid off. Now, you don't know, of course, you'll see the character here. What I was looking at was, right? This hasn't moved as fast in the first one hour. Actually, you 'll look at it for the first half an hour, or even until 10:30. You couldn't identify it until there. The only way you could have identified it is after that initial 10:30 at 11 o'clock. These two are fine, right? And what is the other one? This actually hasn't moved a lot. And this is a very linear stock. Which of your flags will you break, Anurag? Where your opening range ran out very quickly in the first 15-20 minutes. And then it flatlined for the next part of the day. This is what happened with Gallant. In that, it lost 89% in 5 minutes. Yes, that's exactly. Now, this is a bad flag because the opening range in itself is way high. So, even if I am taking this flag right, I cannot manage it loosely. In fact, even Hind Oil, I won't manage it loosely, but the conviction there will be a lot more because the day's range is much lower. So, if there is to be a breakout, you should see this and see all your top moving stocks: how would it have a move? Either it is completely linear like Hind Oil, that's okay, or it gaps up and remains cool the whole day. Yes, that means, after moving for the first half an hour, it remains cool. Or correct, and it moves like this and then cools down completely after that. Okay, if I'm trading only the first half of an hour, right, like I do, okay, what have I limited myself to, I have limited myself to gallant and gap-up kinds of stocks, okay, I have deselected stocks like Hind Oil, kind of, okay, but where I keep on saying is, I am as effective as a full-time trader because I find inconvenient things like this, too, okay, so what was the point of the 4%, Anurag, when you start identifying intraday patterns of winners, right? When you're playing with tight stop losses , you're actually executing on a very minimal time frame. The daily chart has lost its relevance beyond that point. Because your feedback is real time. It's not on a daily chart. It's on a 5-minute or a 3-minute and a half-hour chart, whatever you're using. Yes, correct? So, the daily chart is a reminder. Then, if you actually break down a trading day, all trading does, beyond the point, look the same. They have three or four patterns. Yes, correct? So, if you understand these three- or four-day patterns, just come to the lock now. Yes, come back a little. Like this one a little bit previous yes see this lux yesterday's opening range breakout come just a little bit okay where in this I could have taken one to gap up scan come opening range breakout simple the best entry hmm hmm okay after that see how clean was that 10 o'clock entry yes yes okay that moved right now that never troubled me even if I am a day trader I am getting at least three entries over the day hmm hmm hmm one two three and four fourth is also visible that means just around three around one or so if you see all your good 20% circuits right will actually look like a base on base exactly like how this is looking hmm if this is how this is looking go a little bit further see I will show you the close okay this close that upper circuit hmm hmm okay you know why this was a very good day to enter okay hmm because it actually Slightly gap down and then started getting bot hum hum ok the moment it gap down right you know that the previous day was the most ideal day that you could have had Hum, there is a high probability that this would also have a day to buy Hum, so I may have a bias of a day to yesterday but the week open today actually strengthened that even more Hum, now there is another query in this also that because the stock is capping because okay there may be some because of the market but if the market is opening at the normal level as per the previous close then why will the stock is going to gap down and why if there is a gap down then the participants who have taken yesterday will they not exit because there is a sudden change right see why will it gap down because probably you did not have strong enough opening bias but are you trading for the gap down or are you trading for the reversal of the gap term? We are trading for the reversal but I am just thinking that yes, that reversal is like HG, suppose I also saw HG a few days back recently, which is this one, yes, yes, this one is okay, it is a strong buying, very good volume, it did not trigger my entry, yes, you are looking at this stock, it could have come in your radar only on two occasions, either you are very convinced in the first minute, yes, yes, yes, okay, after that there is no such definite pivot, no, and see that from the opening till when it has reached that 565 level and whatever it is, okay, the flag beyond a point has failed you because it is still a strong move, right, it is what a near 12-13% move, okay, right now the only way you could have actually looked at it is in the last half an hour, one hour, because after that it has been sitting cool, nothing has moved in the same range, Okay, let 's come to the last closing, what did it move? Yes, I saw that now it has slightly started weakening, right? Okay, now this is actually a bust, I am looking at 3 o'clock. Okay, just when it came, now if you see in the last 10 minutes, also it has closed very weak. Okay, in the last 10 minutes it has fallen down. Okay, now what a lot of prop books do is they actually calculate the closing, they are real-time tools. Okay? Take the weighted average. The closing is included in that. Now, suppose its last traded price is what? 563. Okay , just for example, six. Suppose its closing comes up to ₹575. Okay, okay. Immediately yours went up ₹10. You have [clearing throat sound] not done anything. You have just bought it at ₹329. The closing in itself has taken you ₹12 above. Yes. Okay. Okay . Now the next day you are anticipating that the market will also open flat. If this also opens flat. Okay? This is exactly what a BTST trade is. Yes. This is your exact BTST trade, the one you take in the last half an hour . Okay? That you took it here and when it gives the day two entry, right if it gives your follow through for a day two. Okay, you don't need to do anything because your pilot entry was already done a day ago, ₹10 below. So this actually gives you a better leverage for day two, if you take even 1 minute, right, if it squares, your stop loss is still wide enough without risk, okay, yes, in this, I was asking something in HG, I diverted it inside, yes, so the same, now like the next day, what is there in the stock, okay, first day, okay, it's a good, meaning if I look at it day by day, it's a good stock. So the next day is the same, if the stock gaps down, if you come to the next day, then play only for one minute, yes, yes , or there is zero follow, it's gone, it's gone, correct, it hasn't played here yet, just hold for a minute, okay, now see the reversal, okay, now what would you have done even if you are trading this 1 minute high, if you see it's gone down a lot below the minute high, also, yes, yes, yes, how much is it? How much is it from 56? 540 and 54 yes okay. How much? It's 34%. Yes. Okay. So this is week. This is not meaning this is literally sellers coming in. This is not a demand pause. Okay. So when I'm saying with a small gap up, right? This is not selling. This is just a demand pause. [sound of clearing throat] That buyers have not come in yet but they will come. Hmm hmm hmm here there are sellers which are coming in. So the difference no yes yes yes okay and what was this reason you will also have to see which day is this, 30th of March I think but if you will see this one no if actually you wanted to take an entry on This day right, what would you have done is that when the reversal hits and it goes up a little, you get some demand resumption, you will get a pivot. Most likely, as soon as you can visualize it a little bit on the chart, yes, let's take it as it is, let's just go to the 5-minute mark, let's see again, okay, okay, let's go ahead, yes, yes, take it forward, okay, till now our bias has been that yes, sellers have come in because of the or till now, we have see now, so after this in the last 15 minutes also, now you have started seeing buy come in, yes, okay, now visualize what do you want to see, right now to take an entry, look up, small cap is also reversing, right now, okay , so what should I conclude in one context, this has not done anything different than what the market is doing today, inherent stent of his own, it is just Following the Market The Small Cap chart above and the HG chart below do not seem to be much different for now. Hum Hum Hum Yes Yes Let's take a little bit Yes or Okay Okay Just pause a minute Okay So far I seem to be showing some strength Would you did you find strength at any point of time in this No a flag was making time but then there was a breakdown So if the worst thing is if you would have even scanned to 10 o'clock you would have probably kept it in Lada Hum Hum But if the trigger had not happened Hum Hum Right now this one will scan on So now to it is gone Hum Hum Now you probably won't even see it for the next two to three hours Hum Hum Correct now imagine something at three what do you want to see if you really want to see a follow taking out the days I strong which is to father they will not come So Okay but let us go ahead Okay Right now what you want to see some kind of a very strong demand indication Okay Because this age of now is not a stock in play At all, today it is dead. So for a day trader, this is a maturity. Yes, let's go a little further. Yes, it is already over. Roughly dead. Both have no demand, meaning the stock has now moved sideways. Yes. So, there is no demand in this , or so, a lot of stocks like this, whenever you look at it, we will keep on looking like this. But take this flag which is yours, or any other flag, and any other flag. There is a difference, right? Whether that flag is happening in bullish consolidation or bearish consolidation. Okay? Let's go a little further. Chirag. Let's just see that it closes. There is nothing in it now. It is closed. The next day starts. Next, yes, see, it is doing nothing, what the market is not doing. It's the same at the market. So it's gone in the same direction now. Okay? But if you put it on daily basis then probably you will see some pattern at some point or the other because overall data points get consolidated. Okay, so when we are taking velocity, when we had taken it, this is ideally the objective where you are not limiting yourself only to the first 15 and 30 minutes and one hour. Okay, also a big blunder that everybody keeps on doing is they keep on looking at the same stocks that they think were made yesterday on the daily time frame and today morning suppose from 9:15 to 12:00, the market feedback given is completely ignored [sound of clearing throat] a stock on that particular day will move if it is an action on that particular day of buyers, it is not going to move because a buyer came in 10 days back, this is what used to happen the most. We think we've identified the stock as the right one, and it's correct. But we've entered it many times at the wrong time, and we get stopped out. Then the stock runs away. And that causes you a lot of emotional distress. It's not like he just broke up with you. He also married someone else, your enemy. It 's like that. The 4% breakup was probably the best one to buy because otherwise, it was difficult for me to buy. I think somewhere around here, but this was a very good setup. Now this one is back in a strong setup. Okay? It didn't move this morning. Okay? But if I'm doing this 10 o'clock scam , this becomes one of my primary entries. I already have a bias on the stock. It's wrong. Okay? The market is in a green and sees the pivot that it has formed in the first hour. Perfect. Are we right? If you had left the opening range here, it would have broken below it. You would have missed the whole bid only. Are we okay? Because what a lot of people do is they look at the first candle. Then they see that it has gone down for half an hour. They would have cancelled the order. We are okay. Then later they see that it has gone down further . Why did I cancel the order and then most likely they would have cancelled it? I was about to take a breakout but I thought later that it was actually the same that it had gone down. There is no point in doing so later. So I cancelled it. Because what did you see Jagdish, you went into the mindset that you have to execute between 9:15 and 10. Yes and your visualization went till there. Yes, you did not think of it as to how it would look at 12:00. Kind of okay, in my mind, velocity trades are kind of how you are able to make an effort. No, I have the magnitude, so you should run early. For this, Pradeep Band has a classic two-line setup, except that it is not linear, meaning it has run a little, the stock is not young, and matching, I think we were discussing its left-hand side consolidation and right-hand side consolidation. Yes , I think we discussed this on Sunday or Saturday itself, maybe this one was a little bit of a base breakout, so there was a little momentum break, that is why I was not very interested in it. But the move is good, but actually you are seeing this one thing over that, till now, how many eight-nine stocks have we seen, right, okay, the top most of them would not have come into your radar only on a scan yesterday. Correct, then there have either been gap ups or you are on intraday scans. Detected above 4% move. Yes, okay, a lot of bull markets are actually lost like this because we stay stuck in our scans, but the market is moving on something else on that particular day. Hmm, okay? If you look at today's top five movers, right, this is the entire list. If I look at today's list, correct, I don't think more than five or 10% of the list would actually have come in the normal scopes. Yes, we do . So , this is where multidimensional thinking comes in. When you are adapting to what the market is giving you, rather than sticking to what the scans are. That's why we know our scan is not what the market is moving up. We should actually be creating scans on what the market is moving. Yes, okay, next, it could be a little liquid, maybe, yes, it is very liquid. So, the news is moving slow right now. Yes, it has been moving for quite some time. The first one was good during the day, but then it has been doing a cry since then. It was quite good during the day. Perhaps intraday trades are very good. If someone trails it, the linear intraday setup was my trade. Sir, who was Jitesh Thambal? Well, where did you get this, sir? It was ₹38 ₹39 or exactly ₹92 yes nice pullback the first one which is a little bit you are seeing all these visualizations what would go a little bit in 5 minutes we are going to go for 5 minutes okay 1 minute right yes 5 minutes yes or see this now this scan which is now see how much it has moved in the first one hour okay right now if you are playing intraday also right the moment you start seeing the second half squat okay you will start realizing when to sell also on velocity trades okay its a little bit complete till the end of the day your complete day's take. Yes. See the big visible character difference. Okay? The whole Doctor Jackal is similar to Mr. Height right? There is no similarity in the first half and the second half. Okay okay? Right now in these trades if you are actually trading with velocity right and day trading you know exactly where to sell. There's no point in trailing here right now . As soon as the character change is visible, you're out. Because no winner is actually going to break like this. This is only possible if you have a long-term objective and you're willing to go through this product. There's no other objective other than velocity than to hold this. Right? So this also happens with many winners. When it goes up. Right? Your winner will be this 4% that you see at the bottom of the list. Right? You may only see a 7% upside, but it has actually gone up a lot more. Your actual day range is a lot higher. Right? It's somewhere in the middle or the bottom of the list, but if you actually look at day trading, it may actually be one of your best trades. This was one of a very good setup today. It's very linear. Continuously going up and you could have found entry also in this. Quite clean Enough. What to do, none of the traditional trades that we used to do are working right now. At the moment, go to the 5 minute one minute, 5 minutes, it is a bit illiquid but I think it could have been a good trade. Yes, but for that, one needs to be anticipatory, it is a bit difficult to look at the other stocks to track. We Deep Industries, this is also related to oil exploration, today I bought this one of an oil exploration company, ok ok ok, today I had to go to Lotus once. Can anyone see tomorrow's entry in it? Yes yes, come to the 5 minute one. For tomorrow, right? Yes. No no, not for tomorrow, today only, that means today only, there is a delay of five minutes. Let's see the live chat only. Yes, this can actually be a good next day entry. It's consolidating. It's moved. It's consolidating. This becomes a very good gap. If there's a gap up, it's a perfect break-through. Here, then we're only trading for the follow-through. And roughly, what happened is that we never reverted to the entry price. That's fine. Because if I combine the entire day, after the first five minutes or so, it's completely frozen. Nothing has been done with the stop- correction throughout the day. And go to the previous day, just zoom out. Yes, the previous day also, it's kind of flattish. Meaning, nothing has happened so far. We only came last. Yes, okay, so this is a last half an hour by. Okay, after that, today it's flattish again. Sir, in fact, we should continue this today. Okay? And come to a fairly similar take, sir. I wanted to ask you one thing in this. If someone is giving a good breakup move in the last half an hour and he has been muted the whole day. That means there is demand for a good move the next day. Yes, but how would you guess that? How would you mean how is he taking the probability, then he will have to see the next day's open etc., but there are chances in it, basically whether there is demand or not, ideally you are taking anticipation, then you are hoping that it will work and for the next day you get an early entry, that is ideally not, you are working for the follow through in the first 5 minutes itself, not even in the half an hour, after that only then will you be taking at today's close. What is BTST? Sell ​​tomorrow is not sell tomorrow at the close sell tomorrow at the open we are ok ok BTS means right now an immediate if I have not bought today but I can consider those stocks for tomorrow's move so in watch face we can put right or off course and end of the day buying is there it means chances of sustained buying are more so early morning MIS is more. It happens a lot in EP setups. We take it on day close because chances of day to follow are more in it. Now when the earnings ones will come there will be a lot of wastage of it. Yes sir India is also like this. It came in the last five minutes in it. Yes yes let's go ahead or we have to go further I think you have completed it okay okay we are good you can complete it yes okay is it clear for all or okay let's go good okay any any further questions other than this no okay or I think this was a good exercise today okay okay let's go then we will close will see you again tomorrow big day