How much did I gain yesterday? 8%. Okay, okay , this is how money is made. Railtel is not very real. It was good. It was the top stock today. Just how much size did I take? 150%. I did a pyramid. Yes, I did a pyramid. My first entry was going on in Chirag Sir's mind. He made me happy with your trade more than my trade. Last week was actually good. Sir, I took Ola Tech D as well. Most of the people would have just started, meaning started looking at stocks. Right now, most of the traditional players would have lost out on the first day. Today, for the first time, I have given my volume of 1%. One plus volume means people are looking today. Entering the market, Sir, I think realized around 13%. Unrealized around 20%. Unrealized like adding. Yes, adding realized and unrealized around 20%. Wow, even if we don't get such momentum in the future, don't trade with low size, especially if the portfolio is 2030. If the value is less than a lakh, then don't trade low-sized trades at all. You should try to reach 50 lakhs as soon as possible. So, if you guys are able to reach that in two years, it means you will get a huge boost in confidence and quite a lot, meaning the entire level of trading will change. Once you have to muster courage, Karunakar's returns are nothing exceptional. Karunakar's returns are normal. If you are not able to make such returns, then you are trading poor. Right? So, if you are not at a level of 20% in this market, then 20% in the last two weeks is very normal. You can buy three or four good stocks. If 20% is not very good, then I mean, I was understanding Anurag Sir today when he was talking about throwing the keyboard. "How was my week?" "Today was a very good day." Not so many days of the week, but today was a great day for me. Yes, the second half was very good. I didn't take the first half either. I think if I scanned between 12 and 1:00, it would have shown a lot. No, I took a rail ticket. Yes, I took a rail ticket. Well, your performance on my EPS is evident from the sound alone. I had a good day, not much rail ticket, not much retail ticket. Good, it was the top stock today. Just what size did you take? 150%. I did a pyramid. Yes, I did a pyramid. My first entry was playing on Chirag Sir's mind. He made me happy. He was more happy with your trade than with my own. Right now, good, I was 100%. Actually, the entry was at 316.3, and the entry was at 935. I'll share it in a minute. It felt really refreshing. Brother, I need two today. Let's just keep it on mute. You do it yourself. Oh no sir, no I took it because of you sir, otherwise I would not have taken it, I would not have even thought of taking so much, actually tell me on this candle, yes yes exactly it was at 316.3, yes and later I went pyramid at 320.6, yes yes yes perfect, so I first took 100, later I added 50 as stop loss, how was my stop loss in this, my stop loss was ₹250, my stop loss was ₹50 in the first entry and later till the second one my break even i.e. average was below that because only 50% was added, so my average was below that, that was below the outside so I kept it there and later I brought it to break even, break even plus and I ran very quickly, that too there was so much tension, there was no headache, perfect nice, how much did I drink, I lost 8% yesterday itself, so good, this is how money is made. That's what I had in mind because I had just finished my hybrid one yesterday and sir had said for it that the bigger size plus if he pyramids then the meaning becomes different. Yes, those two stop losses were hit so I was thinking whether to add it or not but later I thought I'll do it like this, what will happen, it has gone well for it but yes, today is a perfect day, isn't it? Keep a record of it, yes, for positive enforcement, all these days are needed, yes, someday such a day will come, in two months, a day will definitely come when you will just do this and everything will be hit, laminate the real one and stick it in front of you, yes, yes, yes, yes, I had actually taken it, I did it in EIL also and that too, it did not work that much, I only did pyramid in it, yes, on that day, if not the 10th, then it was something like that, the 12th, and later there was a turn as well, I had a very good size in that too but that just did not work that much for this Okay, perfect, awesome, very good overall. What was my performance like for you right now? It wasn't that special. Actually, there wasn't much in this one before this. I meant I had a little, just a couple of percent. But I had a 10% drawdown earlier, so I was recovering. I got everything out of this, I made a profit. Okay, okay , I don't have to worry about the other two or four drawdowns. You don't have to worry about drawdowns at your level. Okay, don't worry about that at all. Execute the order. What else? I mean, whatever worked in this, learn what worked and what will work for you. Gain on the portfolio is very important. The objective should be how quickly you can grow. Even if the drawdown is 5 or 10%, it doesn't matter. Today I was looking at my RR. April's was also amazing. Otherwise, it was above five. Well, it was averaging 5:1. My heart was happy to see that. Are you okay Karunakar, how is your trading going? Last week was actually very good sir I took Olatek D also but I got excited OLLA yesterday online the previous trading day what did you buy OLLA 30.08 30.0 on the upper circuit day no on the doji doji previous yes ok ok so held it I thought maybe I should hold it another day yes and I exited on the 38 37 something 37.8 on this day no on the next day yes ok I thought what was the size that was 30% good good return was also good SL take yesterday any no no it was very good I had to exit because of the circuit I exited actually because of the circuit yesterday I took the same thing the doji on the it will work by doing 5% yes it will work but the broker waived the margin that was the problem then I got a call that sir it has gone into circuit the margin has been removed or so Then if you put full cash in it, then either the other one has to be removed or there was a 55% adjustment from somewhere else, but that has been removed in the morning, otherwise what happens every morning, attention is paid to that, yes, but if the WiFi increases, then it increases a lot, it means the money will increase a lot overnight, you know, the next day at 5 in the morning, but what are you recommended to hold it sir, if it was excited , my, is it okay sir, I got excited because of the circuit only, no, Karunakar, how much is your portfolio worth? Yes, you can keep 10-10 lakhs and what is the size? This was 27, something around 30, then you could have kept it, it is not that major issue because it was in a lot of momentum, so you could have kept it, there will be no major problem, will a lot of money be made, this will go through some lower circuit, does then it will stabilize around a moving average most likely and then recover, is there any other stock? Okay, see this, see this, all these were continuously in circuits, this was also in 5% circuit, okay here, there is 10%, all these are here, all were at 5% circuit, okay, so when the trend is starting in many stocks like this, now they still create a trend, the only problem is that you won't get an exit at will, in many ways. Okay? It is not very rare that the entire stock will come down to upper circuit or lower circuit. So if you have a good profit buffer, right? It may still make sense to do like this. Any liquid stock will very rarely come down to executive lower circuits. And which one was it? It was Adani Green, which kept bumping into circuits . Or the see this see the were continuously on circuits okay your risk is this okay what you will end up doing is the moment it got in circuit right if you sell it here you are still missing a large part of the okay who knows what else will happen when the lower circuit comes no more or less you are going to have one day like this yes at least if you get this day no then you are very happy you will you will get an exit okay the biggest risk is if it goes here after immediately opening on lower circuit no that is the risk we even if you get this day no no you are safe we ​​and holding on stock specific news also would be good if it is circuit now sir still take that because it was something that prices increased of fiber we I think that is good that good like news base would be good and technically also it is not no it does not matter. The moment it is going like this right it is because of a news only every time a stock is going to move like this it is not going to happen without a news okay there is going to be some fundamental change What is going to happen in the business is only then can the stock move so how much it has seen so far see we were at what 80 it started its momentum at ₹80 no hum this is hardly 3 months back its triple defense take yes sir almost okay so if it has gone up 3x this cannot happen without news and look at the volumes here no look at the previous volumes it is not even comparable and these are sustained volumes right yes yes so actually I sold it yesterday sir no no I was continuously trading this I was very bullish on this here I had taken it here it has come out now but same things I took it at 999 something on the dose no I would have kept this the broken call that sir what to do then I have taken a call that let's take it out nothing else because next week I will be a bit on and Of trading I wanted to see it so at that time I didn't want to take a risk and did some more ok ok what else to do but I also came to sir what was the size that is also some 28% 30% good I removed it today our last stop loss was of 387 finally it went down I got it it did where did I take the akal yes both yes 323 something sir nice perfect yes same brother same I took actually that was second and after that next day also I took the over it failed sir again I read again high on the high of one minute we were perfect and another thing I want to ask about this one sir I forgot the name one I don't know once more actually I traded on the doji sir three days back this one yes but actually I thought it would expire from here because all of the things that was available two days back This two days back means what Thursday? Hmm out of all of the things that was available why would you choose this? Was actually I was following it one past one to two weeks sir yes actually it failed on that day sir I took on the next day or yes yes sir it failed on that day yes I took on the next day so here you took hum on the second day around 1350 something 1360 this day actually still makes sense Monday can still make sense to me on an intraday chart. It is still showing momentum on the back and I think here if I actually do a morning scan, I think I like the 13 chart here. This part I think is a good consolidation but before that on these days it was not making any sense to me. I thought I think early I thought it would be risky. But no no but if the market is giving you so much of an easy stocks why would you go and choose a difficult one? Nice may be so like you took this one no which one was before this d dead now d is a very obvious winner no like where you chose Ola also Ola is a very obvious winner hum okay you never had a problem here I am assuming your may be zero the only problem you would have had here is when to sell and how much to sell hum yes so you only have a problem of pl no in the last week why would you go and choose one source out of that. Size also very good sir in that. I don't know why but I thought structure was good sir. No this was actually if you see even Ola was a good stock to pyramid also no on some intraday levels. No it ran away too quickly. It's hard not to have pyramids. D Dave I did the pyramids the other day. Here yes DD yes I mean second yes yes the gap down reverse this was still a decent 43% size in the first one then one third was removed by the end of the day I had a holiday and then the next day I was managing the position a little bit then after that I bought it on Monday and came back on Monday so on Monday I came back with second new fresh entry so in this way that position was quite big position sir and last week the stocks were almost like the 3 days and actually very good no sir no some momentum a little actually absolute momentum it's almost losing no sir what would you look today evening was very good today evening was very good in fact I was not positive in the morning and in the evening I was not looking to trade much so my account is completely empty right now 0% or so whatever happened to me the gap up was a problem today actually we so what happened was the gap up was a problem so I was a bit overweight in the first half and Our also 15 minutes it started correcting and then when the reversal came I actually started looking at the market after 11:30 12 so all of my trades today and the bits today were in the second half none of it was in the first Half because sir as last week actually it was very good no sir in the speed also was very good or that is one of the peak momentum markets that you have seen after the last but from last two days sometime we are losing some speed no sir losing speed is happening so there is no problem in that it will be fine if a little stop is hit but right now the cost of making a prediction will be that which I have to pay right now i.e. I am at zero that cost so tomorrow morning I am loading the portfolio back all this lockdown is in Delhi right Karunakar you get opportunity moments at any time okay now now see this something like this okay I am just putting the small cap chart here this day gap up okay the ball new so see profit okay three days of follow through this gap down and then there is again a gap up we okay if someone who would have played traditionally what would he have done till here maybe some setups It was about to form, but it gapped immediately . Right here, it went above the pivot. Right? Actually, a characteristic change happened there. Your D on the 2nd happened here. Yes, yes, yes, yes, absolutely, that characteristic change was quite visible around the 2nd. This, this day, was the strongest indication. Because it completely reversed. Right? The two, the sixth, and the seventh were even stronger. Right? Because this was not only a reversal and a pin bar completely, but this also actually strengthened the pin bar. Right? The first indication that you're getting was on last Tuesday. Right? If you see the previous week was a consolidation, the last week was actually the breakout. Right? Right now, if you look at traditional setups, there are very few, like NM, and Stellite, and Bajaj Consumer, and Avanti. Okay? There might be five or ten, I don't think a maximum of five or ten, correct? It shouldn't be more than that. Okay, but the stocks that were beaten down a lot, right, and are coming back to the intrinsic value, they've given in a lot more of their momentum, also like NL, like you said. Are we okay? These types of stocks are also very popular, gap-up stocks, because most of the people would have just started looking at stocks right now. Most of the traditional players would have lost out on the first one. Today, for the first time in a year, one-plus volume has increased by 1%. One-plus volume means people are looking to enter the market today. Okay , sir, according to you, what would you expect from any spots ? What are you expecting? How would the stock, like, how would it consolidate from here? And look, what will happen in consolidation is that the market will lose momentum, so there are selective stocks which will right. I don't see any immediate collapse or crash at this point. Okay? If it comes, I'll take it as a buying opportunity. Okay? I want Trump to act a little crazy. If he's currently reducing his exposure a little, it'll be better. Okay? Because that gap will open. When it opens, my highest win rate comes when the gap is down, so that 's what I need. But my view right now is that when the market loses momentum, as far as my experience goes, everything is moving slowly, so whatever you're buying, everything is okay. Right? Gradually, what will happen is that there are selective stocks which will start. And what the remaining stocks will do is they will start making their pullbacks. So, what I'll do right now is, without thinking too much about the list , I'll buy the stocks that have Day One momentum today and are hitting the 20% circuit tomorrow. Okay. So that's my objective right now. Then we'll see what happens. Okay. Sir, that would be best. Yes. So I had to ask him for his real tail that I will not sell tomorrow because I would have taken day to day entry anyway, so I still have 100% size left, so if possible tomorrow then I will do a little of that, that is hold off from taking profit, see what is some management, I have to do intraday, my D is very big, some intraday management has to be done, what am I using generally now, when I have to do intraday management, then I am looking at 10, 20, 15 DEMA per 1 minute, okay? So what was happening in even QA Ultra, that earlier I was using only QA Ultra which is moving average, but now multiple indicators are allowed on Anyweek platform also, so there is no problem. What's going on? Q: Ultra is taking a long time to load and isn't loading averages on the 1-minute chart. I'm getting some errors. So, I changed it today and I'm trying to drill on the 1-minute chart, meaning 10, 20, or 50 DEMAs. In the 5-minute chart, I 'm mainly using 10 and 20 DEMAs. Currently, the momentum stocks, the deep ones, started flattening and started slipping, so I sold them. So, you can extract the excess size there. You have the luxury of adjustment, and if you adjust, even if you mismanage a little, you'll still be left with a bit of a problem. So, there's no problem. Take advantage of that and try to manage it through that. Okay. Okay. Karunakar, what has your total return been in the last 15 days? Sir I think realize around 13% unrealize around 20 20% unrealize like adding the realize yes adding the realize and unrealize around 20 wow my last one too, I think it was between 24th to 26th which was offline because ITDC was there and then in the morning it did not run much, OLA did not run much but ITDC was there, OLA was also very late and it was a big size so all this benefited me, I did some mismanagement like I bought Bajaj Consumer last day and Avanti I thought that others were extended due to that so that happened but the risk was there, it went quite well, ARSSBL went very well but the result was there so I removed it on Monday and maybe Tuesday and that we have had scars, we had a choppy market after that it was a shit bear market and we have seen a bulls, we have seen everything probably in the last three months good if You won't get such momentum in the future. Don't trade with low size, especially if your portfolio is less than 20-30 lakh rupees. Avoid low size trades at all. Strive to reach 50 lakh rupees as soon as possible. If you guys are able to reach that in two years, it means you'll get a huge boost in confidence, and the entire trading level will change. You'll need to muster up some courage. Right now, you're up 20%, 10%, 15%. Use this as a buffer. You shouldn't go back to your capital, under any circumstances. This is what the current situation has taken. That's why I'm a fan of progressive exposure. You'll make so much money that even if the market goes from bull market to bear market 50 times, you won't run out of capital. So, none of you will have to go into a drawdown now . You'll have to go back to something like underwater. Whatever happens in the 10%, 15% , or 20% is fine, and you have to trade aggressively. Don't be afraid . Those who fear will die here. Right? So, don't be afraid. Any trader can be cautious and cautious. Karunakar's returns aren't exceptional. Karunakar's returns are normal. If you're not able to make a true return, then you're trading poorly. Right? So, if you're not at a level of 20% in this market, then 20% in the last two weeks is very normal. Three or four good stocks will easily be 20%. Not a big deal. Okay. Pranjal, how are you doing? So, so far, things were going well. Today was a bit rough for me. Turn on the video here. I already entered Gallant on Monday. I had anticipated. Well, Gallant probably did very well. Yes, but today I set my stop loss and moved a little earlier on the cost. Okay, and I don't know what the problem was with the T1 settlement today, that my capital didn't reach zero, that stop loss was set, I was 100% invested, I didn't see, then I didn't have the capital for re-entry, that's my mistake, I think I set my capital a little earlier today, oh stop loss cost, I should have done that to our sir, entry talent is this path, no, yes, how can Gallant stock hit that, sir, on Monday, sir, I entered in it at 673, it was around 107, Anurag, share the screen, yes, sorry, today we had a Monday, sir, my entry was around 107, 673, correct, yes sir, 673 , or yes, this is a pullback, no, not before, sir, further ahead, it gave a little pullback here, on this one, sir, so till now, I have done the same 1.5 Yes, today I took a stop, sir. Actually, I had some work to do in the morning, so I had put the same stop in my system and put it at cost. Because I was not feeling good about the opening at the beginning, I thought I would re- enter if it happened. I did not see that I had invested 100% on Monday itself, so I did not have the capital to re-enter. Today something came, I can understand this was, I would not actually call it like this, it was just conservative in risk, which I can understand, not actually, but sir, it was going well, I could have taken a little risk, you are saying that after seeing this, yes, that is also true, I think this is not what I said, it is the same, sir, initially I saw the price action, that is why I took it at cost, that before the break, let it go, all those mistakes, no one can prevent them. They keep happening. You'll always end up losing a lot of trades. It doesn't make any difference. I've been trying to convince myself since 12:00, but it's just that Sir, his mood has soured a little. If we take out our journals and show them, it will be great for you. No, I was understanding Anurag Sir today when he was talking about throwing the keyboard, I was feeling like throwing something. I mean, I'm quite angry, but okay, we'll learn from this next time. Other than that, Sir, I 've been trading magnitude in the deep industry for a long time. Which deep industry are we in, Sir, deep? Okay, one minute, what else? Sir, I also entered Inox India on Monday. Wow, wow, wow , today I was in a lot of strength, but I sold it, I was trailing the gap. Sir, my entry is the same, I entered on Monday, March 23rd. The market was under pressure, so I got an entry at a very low risk. Okay, well, Satish must have made a lot of money in INIX . How did INIX enter? How did it enter? Sir, I was checking my gainers on INIX. Plus, some people were talking about its fundamental catalysts. So I did chart day to entry day to entry brother, so I was doing it in it to provisionally perfect day two but yes sir day two means but then in the open itself, I took it a little ahead on the pullback, not around which is okay, every time day two means it is not necessary that you get it between 9:15 to 9:20 only it happens very often late that is okay do you remember when we were doing winner analysis yes yes yes sir okay this is a typical setup right your first half hour big move and then the settled down we remember this last day also if you see its day one went up then it has settled up this is perfect day two here yes yes after going down and coming up then I gave a breakout I had taken it actually I had taken NICL and NICL maybe yes yes yes that was from last week probably day two yes day two yes on Monday yes I had taken my stop loss my hit It happened because I had taken early at breakeven and later exited, which means I had not even taken at breakeven, but I had gone in after hitting the bottom. No, look at this comparison. Now see this something which is very strong, right? Okay, yes, yes, and then it has consolidated for the whole day. Okay, you are looking at this time. If you would have seen at your 2 o'clock scan, this would have been the ideal candidate. Okay, this last half an hour, one hour today, the Gold DM, was taken on this basis. Take this on a big size. Look here, it was strong during the day. I take it once daily. It is visible here so much right now. I think I was watching it since 12 o'clock. It was a very small bar around here. We took it at that time. Actually, we had a call during that time. He took a live trade, and I saw this high here, so I placed a bid above it and left it here. We had given a 2% stop loss, okay, then it got triggered, now you are seeing here, this action is kind of similar to NIA , it was completed and the last half an hour month, so last week when those entries were talking about your winners, yes, yes, okay, where it is getting restricted only many times to the first 15-30 minutes, so these winners will go to analyze these are patterns which are ideal for The last half an hour, I was actually not expecting this for the last half an hour, I had put a bit here and left it, I had put in two and three mole bits also which then triggered this one, I had also put one of Ganesh Echos, yes Ganesh, yes this did not trigger, okay , I had put this here also, I had left this here, this did not get triggered, if you see, this was, this was exactly the bar that I was seeing in gold also, yes yes sir, but Pranjal, your entry was not bad, that is hard luck in Gallant, and I mean, one or two more keyboards, then break them, then forget about it, and how much price are you charging, Pranjal sir, mostly on an average, it is 30%, a little in between, it remains between 30 to 45%, okay, okay, and what has been your return in this thing, I mean, till now, I have been earning my returns from February till now, I mean, portfolio level, till now, I am at 20% return, I mean, can you perform so well, sir? 20% from F that April, yes sir, from F, I was just looking at my position and how high are you in April , in April sir, I think around 9-10%, I thought if it happens today then it is good, from F it is 20% and that is a very amazing thing in positive, actually I mean, I was finding it easier to trade in the choppy market, I mean, the momentum that came last week, I started getting more confused. I am seeing more setups, I mean, I am a bit FOMO type, I think I am getting more confused. It has probably made everyone so concentrated that the orthodox ones are finished. You guys, I am looking for reversals, I mean, I was enjoying doing reversals. I mean, I don't feel good seeing straight momentum. Okay. Nice. 10% is also nice sir. Okay. I think that if your trades had worked today, I think if you had talent, I think you would have easily made something like 7% in that. No, I can understand, but that was more of bad luck. It is with such a size, it is obvious to be a bit risk conservative. If this had happened here, what would you have done? If we had kept it down here on this basis, if we had taken it till here, you could not have judged till 11:45. Yes, this was not a process mistake. Even I would have been most likely stopped in my velocity trade. Even I would have been likely stopped in the same way, sir. Is that okay, okay?