You need to trade what the market is giving you, not what it gives you. Price, which is an entity that has no arms, legs, or brains to make decisions. Price is a result of collective human action. So, the question is, why are humans acting? That is the first question you should ask. Then, the longer your cycle of frustration and the shallower the depth, the better the situation. So, should I think of it like this: where will I start getting frustrated ? Is the price fractal? But it takes time to understand whether the human emotion, which is the fractal, is playing out there. Or what is the thinking in the anti-thesis? Do you know? Many times your thesis is you thinking as a retailer. Your anti-thesis is you thinking as a fund manager and then applying it as a retailer. That one question: Sometimes it seems like from stage four, based on perhaps a market condition, it goes straight into our stage two. Almost is that? Possible is it yes I have the same query as well so that hmm hm hm one minute sorry Dushyant do you also want to ask? I was going over your exercise. I did not get your question. Was there any doubt in that? Yes it was the same as just now about stage four and one and it goes to two directly. And then even letter three and four also sometimes get merged completely. I was feeling like that. So this was the question. I was just adding to it. Perfect. We wanted to get to two. So it's easier to judge on a weekly chart sometimes, but on the daily it gets a little tricky, but then you are a little bit less than that. You are like a few days old. I do this . Yes, yes, yes, yes, same, I have an issue in stage three. Like, the differentiation between stage three and four is sometimes a very thin line. So sometimes there is an issue. Okay, I will give an answer to all these three questions . Okay? You need to trade what the market is giving. You don't, I teach what I taught you. Right? The model we make, or our belief, is. Okay? Or we have seen it in many places. Just now, while Anurag was answering, I opened Total Inverse and I was looking at both the top gainers and top losers. And I can find a lot of stocks that are playing out the action we read about over the weekend about stages, looked at the stages, looked at the bases. Now, pick any sugar stock. Everyone has stage one formation done in all of them. Okay, so I looked at the stages, looked at the bases. I thought today is a very different day to do A and A. Because today I do a different A and A. Today I do a different A and A. Today I'm asking you, which stock is the best for a parabolic short or parabolic long trade ? It will be A and A. Not from a perspective of which stock would you buy as a momentum, absolute momentum. Let's do an A and A and analyze which stock would you buy tomorrow as a parabolic law. That is the best A and A that we can do, right? If you just sort the top losers from the total universe and start going through that list, you will find so many good stocks. Just pull up a chart and look at it. Anyone going long on a parabolic chart is absolutely dreamy. Okay? Literally a waterfall decline. Right? So, the point we'll make is to exercise it. But yes, I'll give you an answer to your point. What happens is that the market is very dynamic. It's not something that is static and can be explained by static rules. And that's what I want to avoid, at all costs, teaching you to teach it with a static rule. When you read Wakoff, this is the challenge you face . Wakoff's model is too perfect to be true. Right? This phase will come, that phase will come, that phase will come. He has 50 types of phases. Then the stock will go like this. But when you want real life, you need to look at 50 things before you trade . So, one of my mentors told me that if you keep your trading method too complicated, you'll take one trade once and think it won't work. Right? You'll try the next one, and the second one doesn't work either. You can't even put in the effort on the third one. So, trade with the least amount of effort involved. The setup should be understandable in a single trade. Right? It shouldn't be one where you're looking at 50 different things. And that's a very complicated thing. Right? So, I don't want you to have a model in mind of what should happen. What things should you look for? Look for characteristic changes. Right? Now, let me answer the question you asked me. Understand that there's a COVID crash. Right? After the COVID crash, do you think Stage 1 is necessary? No. That's the point. Right? The model you create doesn't play out. It 's just a guideline for the given situation. Look at the leg-by-leg decline, right? Because that tells you what's happening in the general market. But when the market puts you in a position of capture, excessive selling occurs, you don't necessarily see what you want to see . Right? Trade the market. Learn to trade what the market is giving you . Don't learn to trade what we're teaching you. It's not a model. We don't want you to memorize a model in any way. Memorization is an avenue of understanding. Right? The market will always be dynamic. That is with more force, with less force, with proper capital, with proper participation discounting, without proper participation discounting, with a mixture of stage one and two, with a mixture of stage three and four, with a mixture of stage two and three, with a mixture of stage one and four, you will get a lot of situations. We had picked up a chart, Aber, that was a chart of Aber, whose bottom we were looking for, right, Aber, it was Tejas, there was some type, in that we had stage four and stage one merged, we can't do anything about that, right, you will never find it by sorting it out, Chirag, I have a question, in my lecture we were discussing something about an I think weak play, so I mean, this is just my observation on that, I mean, I want to discuss that with you once, so what we were saying is that our wick from let's and if a wick is being formed at the top. Okay? So basically, what we want to see is how our next day's action is going to be on that top wick portion. Okay? Because that was the area of ​​supply. Okay? So, for example, if our top pick is being formed, okay? Which essentially tells us that there was buying there, but that buying couldn't be sustained, so it came back. Okay? Which essentially tells us that there are more retail buyers there compared to late institutional buyers because they couldn't sustain, or late your buying power got exhausted there. Okay? Next day, we can see that if our price is coming in that zone, then it obviously won't be retail because they ran away out of fear last day. Okay? So, if institutions come there now, then it makes sense to take next day's trade there. Okay? Something like that happens in Bharat Farz. Meaning, it's what they call a hammer, perhaps she's trying to say. Well, this is your second-third slide, Chirag, this third slide, yes, exactly this one. So, this one, this case, okay, the first one, the first candle in the first one, the green one, okay, it went up, okay, but it could sustain, so it came back down, which tells me that your retail buying is happening here. Retail buyers who are unable to sustain, their buying power has ended, and then sellers are heavy. So, the next day, in the case of our action, if this gap up happens late, which is the example you've created here, okay? So, in that case, this is a clear indication that institutions are coming in right now, because what would happen in the first case, that on Day One, your retailers ran away out of fear, right? If I see buying coming in the next day , then I will assume that my institutions are coming and based on that, I can think about your entry the next day. Okay? Yes, but if we flip this thing and make a long tail by taking the candle of the previous day. Okay? Yes. Yes, like that. Okay. So in this case, it means that your sellers did come, but in this case, the demand came. So in this case, our institutional buyers are available. So I can go for an entry in day one itself. Yes, yes. We can try. We can definitely try. Just like today, look at the market, everything turned and went up. We see from that example right or like your Tejas Net trade, as I took it, so that is very much evident, it means it is a point of common sense, we are correct, correct, so this is a very invalid point, there is no problem, okay, I want to ask one more thing, where we have heard it two-three times in the lectures that when our upward wage is made, then in that case our entire supply absorption from the LETS, which we were talking about flag, okay, we will not prefer it at all. Okay, what is the reason for this, in the upwards we still have a little buying available from late, so we cannot say here that your supply has been absorbed because buying is still coming in, okay and in the case of downwards wedge, we can say that your buying power had ended but because the supply is coming slowly, that is why we are saying that there is no supply at all , that is the main takeaway, yes, yes the takeaway is that upwards buying is generally considered bad because it shows that there is a drop in the power of going up, but your point is valid that in going down, it is completely exhausted . Okay? Now what happens is that many times people are like this, I think if I can think of the reason for this logically. Although it's effective, if I think about it logically, what would be the logical solution? I think that when the price pullbacks, it forces people to sell right, or forces them to sell right , and you shouldn't sell right there, meaning you've had a test. Maybe when an upward wedge occurs, it doesn't always happen that the upward wedge resolves in two ways. One, it breaks below this point, and it can reverse by doing a low test, point number one. The second could be that an upward wedge forms, and you get one bar, and it collapses back. Okay? These are two common scenarios. So, I think what will happen in this case is that if it's an upward wedge, it means your buying has slowed, but there's no force to sell. Correct, correct. Right. So, when this price of yours comes, people see a profit there and they might sell the stock. Maybe it won't sustain. Most likely, it won't sustain. Perhaps I think this is a valid reason why we don't prefer upward wedges. Your buying power has been exhausted. Meaning, the more you move downward, yes, yes, and in the case of this one here, the one that's testing the bottom, no, no, the wedge, which is a downward wedge, yes, what happens to you is that your supply has been tested, the one who wants to sell, the market forces you at least once, so you'll become a big red. Right, the market is applying force once and watching to see if you fall or not, so in the case of this upward move, your buying power has been exhausted. Right? Meaning, the pole that you're talking about is flat, in the case of this upward wedge, no, no, downward, downward, downward, yes, yes, it's paused there. You mean, the buying power has paused for a time. The stock corrects and is checking how many people want to sell here. Okay? Kind of like this: you can imagine a guy who's incredibly talented and he's going through a rough patch. Okay? There 's another guy who, you know, hasn't gone through a rough patch; he's still getting support. I can also imagine a situation where he might not be as talented, but he still has support from the bottom. It's not correct , but I wouldn't completely reject both points. But my personal experience also suggests that generally, these factors in this case fail if they break out higher. If they break out lower, in that case, if you read the RTM, it will say that the reversal will occur at the source of your wedge. Okay? The advance usually occurs with slow bars. The decline occurs with one or two large bars, and then the price reverses. So, this is a common occurrence. This area is generally considered a corrective action against this lag. Okay? So my next follow-up question will be how do we look for entry in this downward wedge? I mean, after the wedge here, you have a slight gap down from the lows. Then we should enter . And enter at the gap up from the lows above the wedge because you can see buying resuming there. Then you can do it either way, right? Basically, what is supply absorption? How do you identify it from a tight area? You can abuse VCP as much as you want, but ultimately, when you see a tight area, you are seeing VCP, right? So, what is your concept of VCP? VCP is based on participation discounting. Participation discounting will always be present in the market. Supply absorption will always be seen regardless of whatever pattern you are looking at. Okay? What's the point? This is when your bar becomes very small here, at this point, right here. So you know that the supply is existing. Now it has to break out. Okay? It will break out on one of two sides. Either it will break down and turn up. Why can it turn up? Because you believe you had demand here, the natural course of action is to go up. Are we right? Or it can open straight up and go up. Right? Or many retailers are seeing this: it can open up, gain some space back, and then go back into the fuzz of consolidation. Your retailer attempted a breakout. Couldn't sustain it. Yes. Okay. One more follow-up question. Will our volume matter on this small cross bar that we made ? I mean, our volume matters. What happens in general? When you want to see VCP, you see an absolute drop in your volume. There should be a drop. That's a very good point. If you read Minervini, you'll give him credit. Chapter 10 of his Trade Like a Stock Market Guide. Right? He was very successful in figuring out the exact day after which your expansion will occur. People were wondering, but Minervini figured out the day where your expansion will occur. He said that your volume will drop, there will be low volume, but during the entire consolidation, there will be one such day when your volume will be halved, from there we will completely disappear. Right? He looks at this thing. So I believe that if you want to improve your entries , the entire Chapter 10 is a must-read thing. Yes, yes, this is what we call lack of supply. Right? Meaning, our volume is decreasing and falling. Selling is high , yes, yes, we'll call it a lack of supply. Why a lack of supply? Because even when sellers were given free rein to bring prices down, they still couldn't. They couldn't. It means there's no interest among people. This thing, end volume, is a clear indicator that it 's not coming. Yes. One final question for me : were we talking about V-shaped consolidation or recovery? Okay? Why are we calling it wrong? Because we're talking about reversal . Okay? A V-shaped recovery is happening there. Okay? But if we're consolidating later than our normal timeframe and we're talking about a V-shaped recovery there, then we're calling it wrong. I don't understand this. This needs a little explanation. So I think someone asked us this question during the court hearing. Maybe one of you might have asked it, I don't remember. But someone asked this question. You asked, Jamshi? Yes, sir. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. So the interesting thing is to look at the difference in human emotions based on time frames. Okay. What happens here is understand where overhead supply is strongest? People will say everything is overhead supply. Okay? Now imagine a stock that has completely decimate. There's none left. So where is the overhead supply? Okay? There isn't any. Okay? Now you're cohesively looking at a stock. Go into it. Look at it. Okay? Now, if you look at the cohesiveness, you can't say that no matter how low it is from any angle, there will be any supply left in it. Will any person, any retailer, any institution hold any stock? Right? No one will do it. Right? Now, what happens is that the base is where the retailer is actually fair. You bought a stock and it went down 20 to 25%. Initially, they believed it was good and would rise. Okay? What you're trying to do is map the retailer's behavior . Map the retailer's beliefs. The price won't immediately go down as soon as it touches the price. Imagine it went up 10% in two days. They catch a fool. They bought here, in this area. Okay? Understand this. Right? From here, consider that the price went up 10%. They didn't sell because they heard the stock was very good, and it had run up 400% in the past. Okay? So, they're holding on. They haven't even placed a stop loss. The price will go down. They won't sell at this point either. Right? They think the stock is good. The price will go down. Now, the price is their entry price. It's gone down 20%. Okay? Till the time it is down by 10%, he is believing that the stock is good and this xyz person has said that it The stock will become the next dev slab. Okay? He's holding it. Now, when it falls by 20-25%, he'll see a loss instead of a profit. He'll be fair, right? But he won't sell. He'll think he'll sell when it breaks even. Now, when the price rises, right? So what will you do? He 'll sell here. Okay? But now change this time frame and put it in intraday. Okay? When we see an intraday shakeout, it's not necessary that someone's position is already at a higher level. In intraday, understand that the shakeout stock went down 4%, let's say, there was a 5% shakeout, it went down and made a V-shaped recovery. But because of this, will this cycle play out here? Will that cycle play out in intraday? It won't happen with humans, it won't happen with a 4-5% cut, so price is not fractal in nature because price is fractal in nature. Prices are fractal in nature because human emotions are fractal in nature. But prices are driven by human emotions. And where there's a difference between emotions, you see a cycle of emotions. That cycle isn't playing out here. So, prices won't play out that way. Right? It's not the price, which is an entity. It doesn't have arms, legs, or a brain to make decisions. Price is a result of collective human action. Right? So, the question is, why are humans acting? That's the first question you should ask. Right? Understand? It's often said that prices are fractal. But understand whether the fractal of human emotions is playing out there, or is it more of a fractal. Right? So, for example, if we look at this first one on a daily basis , you see a sharp dip and an immediate rise. Right? So, there we are saying that the frustration cycle did not happen. That did not happen. Yes, right? And if we have a late fall and then spend a week or two weeks a little late and then go up after that, then there will definitely be a price correction there, where it will be fearful because you have had a very sharp decline and then there is that time correction as well, where that frustration emotion will also come. See, what should the frustration generally be , that it should be a little long new frustration. The preferred setup is that your depth is what you can see. Right? Although the chart is also a visual illusion , still your side should be at least one to one and a half times the depth that you see visually. Okay, let's assume that your width should be one and a half times the horizontal that you see. In the stock, then the longer your cycle of frustration and the lower the depth, the better the situation will be. So should I think of it like this, where do I start getting frustrated? I know what is there in the anti-thesis thinking of a retail trader? Many times your thesis is you thinking as a retailer. Your anti-thesis is you thinking as a fund manager and then applying it as a retailer. That makes sense. Otherwise, as a fund manager, I can't think what the retailer is going in that way. In my case, then what I am thinking is what are the other 40 fund managers thinking, which I am missing. Kind of interesting food for thought. So, finally, Lee, what are you doing? Do you know ? You're just playing a poker game. You're just seeing which guy is now trying to call a bluff. Okay? And how can you resell a call and fold against it? The advantage with it is you can get out with zero profit or loss because you have price as a very immediate feedback mechanism. Correct. So the moment you start looking at it, you start thinking about the poker kind of analysis, Dinesh. Then you're not divided between setups and stocks, in this case. That's why the first principle analysis starts coming about. So, it was only people making decisions. That's it. The moment you start removing it and start thinking about what everyone is going to think. What a fund manager would think, what a retailer would think, what an algo guy would also think, beyond a point. Then you start literally getting to the bottom of your price movement. So like crude, okay ? Today if I catch crude, for example, okay? Now if crude has to go, what will you determine, crude one is the war news, okay, how much supply is going out, all of that, then there will also be temporary buffers on it, okay, suddenly my month end pay brother, my storage cost is starting to increase, okay, I want to dispose of crude, I will have to increase my supply, okay, there will be temporary interventions to it, so So like for example if you remember during Covid there were some option contracts which went into negative one and even imagine that bhai option contract can also go negative how can you give me money to buy crude. Am I right? That also happened once. So I remember so many retail traders actually shorting thinking that it will go below zero a little . Yes. Okay? And they all got completely screwed in it. Okay. So when you are doing news also think of the participants behind and who are going to act on it accordingly. Am I right.