
--- PAGE 1 ---
All Blogs
Situational Awareness in Trading- Expert Guide
Reading the pulse
September 23, 2025
Share this post on:
A few days back, we got this question in our group which caught my attention -
"How do we deploy when the correction happens without a solid setup? Wecan’t right? I mean 3-4 days before the momentum filter was showing just 100stocks explaining how bad the market was."
The question was insightful, and I had similar thoughts when I first encountered
WON's concept of the follow-through day where he advises to deploy some capital.
If there are no setups, how can one take a trade?
Here are a few thoughts that crossed my mind regarding this question. Treat this as
a brainstorm rather than a definitive solution:
The first response came from @Anuragg_CA, which deeply resonated with me and
provided significant clarity -
"Your filter scan for daily timeframe VCPs in equities ... that's not the Marketuniverse. There are opportunities in the Market like how you traded EP in Octand Nov when the Market was bad. Don't restrict yourself as a single asset,single direction, single timeframe trader."
The last line is crucial. Many mistakenly believe in the overrated idea of mastering a
single setup or strategy, often promoted by content creators with no real trading
experience.
However, trading—especially professional full-time trading that supports your
livelihood—requires a comprehensive, 360-degree approach -
C h i r a g  K e d i a
Register InterestWall of Love Blogs FAQs Contact UsAbout TradeTM
--- PAGE 2 ---
Trading isn't one-dimensional; it's a full-spectrum endeavor. And I sincerely thank
@PradeepBonde for this pivotal light bulb moment in my trading journey.
I realized during my trading journey that not all strategies are created equal. Some,
like Momentum Bursts, are your bread-and-butter setups. Others are seasonal, like
EPs; occasional, like Flags; and situational, like Reversals. They serve different
purposes and mastering them is essential to have options to trade in a variety of
market situations. Creating a setups playbook helps document and systematize
these different setups for consistent execution.
Another realization I had is that the market is an abstract concept, and when we
refer to it, we’re essentially describing the behavior of most stocks. A market turn
happens when the majority of stocks either exhaust their demand or exhaust their
supply.
We can categorize market conditions into four phases:
1. Demand Domination: When there is significant buying activity in the market.
2. Supply Domination: When selling pressure is dominant.
3. Lack of Demand: When buying exhausts and no new demand emerges.
4. Lack of Supply: When selling exhausts and no further supply is available.

--- PAGE 3 ---
Both lack of demand and lack of supply can be replaced with exhaustion of
demand through euphoria or an exhaustion of supply through panic. And it is also
not necessary that a lack of demand or supply will always be followed by a reversal
in market direction -
Unfortunately, people often try to define markets in black and white terms, labeling
them based on prevailing emotions, rather than focusing on the nuances that can
help identify what will happen next. What is currently happening is obvious to
everyone and doesn't require much analytical skill to interpret.
These nuances are crucial for integrating situational awareness with the trading
strategies we choose for each scenario. For example, most failures in a momentum
burst setup occur during the phase of lack of demand, more than in any other
phase. Similarly, after major supply exhaustion, the market enters a phase of lack of
supply, where many long setups perform exceptionally well.
When I assess a potential market reversal or what may follow during a correction, I
analyze my watchlist to gauge the bench strength. Are most stocks exhausted, or
are they in the process of exhausting, making a bounce inevitable (even if
temporary)? If this is the case with the majority of stocks, I conclude that the
downside risk in the market is limited. The market is likely entering the "lack of
supply" phase, where, even if it doesn't provide immediate support to my stocks, it
won't exert adverse pressure either.
Now my objective is to identify the most constructive stocks in the market—those
where the uptrend remains intact, and the stock is either forming a tight
consolidation area or setting up a shakeout pattern.
These setups showcase relative strength, as they have remained resilient during the
market correction. Relative strength isn't just about a line moving on the chart, a
rating, or comparing the stock to an index. It's about understanding how institutions
and strong hands are engaging with the stock and interpreting what those signals
indicate about the stock's next move. This understanding comes from proper trade
journal analysis and post reviews of how strong hands have acted in similar
situations.

--- PAGE 4 ---
Ready to take your trading  journey to the nextlevel? Start today!
Let’s get you started
If the stock is tightening up, it becomes a straightforward trade. Or if the last candle
is a downward expansion bar with a wide range, yet still above the moving
averages or briefly breached them during the last days of an intense fall, I will
visualize a potential reversal and treat it as a shakeout breakout setup.
Here I don't concern myself too much with the market and simply take the trade. I'm
paid for taking trades, not for avoiding them. This simple change in entry tactic will
allow you to trade even without tight areas.
This simple technique allowed me to identify the changing market direction a week
in advance and prepare for the bull run that followed. You can explore the entire
#SituationalAwareness notes from this phase through this link to gain a deeper
understanding - Link
Similarly, IPOs, Thematic Longs, and EPs have the potential to outperform even in
situations of lack of demand and, in some cases, supply domination, especially
when the value provided by the stock is significantly higher. Contrary to popular
belief, positional trades in such setups can succeed independently of broader
market conditions.
One important thing to realize is that what we often consider a failed trade is not
necessarily a failure of the context or setup; rather, it's often an entry failure. Small
adjustments to your entry techniques can lead to significant improvements in your
trade outcomes. Trading strategy development requires continuous refinement of
entry methods across different market conditions and setups.
Many people view #EpisodicPivot as a gap-driven setup, but they miss the
importance of understanding the underlying market tendency and recognizing
other variations of the same behaviour. While the gap-driven setup of EPs may have
a higher failure rate during a lack of demand phase, as breakouts can struggle,
other forms of the EP setup—such as base and break, late reaction, or failure reset—
tend to perform much better.
Just as when the pitch is slow and the ball is coming a bit late on your bat, delaying
your natural reaction slightly allows you to adjust to the situation—situational
awareness in trading is also about making similar adjustments in your process and
identifying opportunities to take your bets, rather than avoiding trades
unnecessarily. This is where creativity comes into play in trading, enabling you to
excel in this business.
 
Recomended Articles
Reading the pulse Reading the pulse Reading the pulse
Copyright © 2024 Trade TM | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
--- PAGE 5 ---
December 1, 2024 4 mins
Trade MarketYou're In - AdaptYour StrategyNow
September 1, 2023 7 mins
Trading ChoppyMarkets - AdaptYour Strategy
June 16, 2024 8 mins
Illiquidity Cost inTrading - AvoidSlippage