All Blogs
Trading Choppy Markets - Adapt
Your Strategy
Reading the pulse
September 1, 2023
Share this post on:
We often restrict our trading to the perfect setups in the perfect market conditions. If
we don't find them to be perfect, the default response is to step aside and stop
trading. The logic has merit, but it is conditional and not as straightforward as
claimed.
Here is my counter argument:
‍
Throughout most of your trading career, the stock setup, market conditions, and
mindset will not align in the same direction. Trading involves dealing with fluid
probabilities in imperfect conditions and making the best of them. It's about finding
realistic solutions, not magical ones. Trading skills are tested and optimized in
sideways and choppy markets. Trending markets only amplify their efficiency.
If you fall into either of the following categories, you cannot afford to stay on the
sidelines for long-
‍
Full Time Traders:
In the past two weeks, many tweets advised staying in cash and waiting for better
follow-through in breakouts. It surprised me that most of these tweets were from
full-time traders whose main income would ideally come from trading profits. It is
challenging for any business to maintain efficiency if it has stockouts for 6-8
months every year. It may be manageable in the US markets, where a limited time
window can compensate for inactivity due to higher liquidity, stocks, and leverage.
However, applying the same rules in Indian markets can be challenging, unless you
have a sizable portfolio (1cr+) to sustain lean periods without impacting your
lifestyle. Explore TradeTM insights on adapting strategies for Indian market realities.
Pro traders seamlessly fluctuate between swing trades, scalps, and reversals
depending on the market and setups. A good example is @markminervini trade
management strategy in the 2021 USIC. He noticed the lack of follow-through in
Anuragg Venkatakrishnan
Register Interest
Wall of Love
Blogs
FAQs
Contact Us
About TradeTM 
Trade TM insights
Meet the Founders

breakouts and adjusted his strategy to focus on short-term trades lasting 1-5 days
and scalps. He increased the frequency of his trades for quicker profits and
emphasized compounding those profits instead of chasing home runs.
At times, it may feel like you are fighting for “hard pennies” but you need to keep the
scoreboard ticking and can't just wait for full tosses to hit boundaries. Being a single
timeframe one-dimensional breakout trader, who relies on trading profits for
sustenance, will exert significant life pressures. If you have dedicated your life solely
to trading, you cannot restrict your learning and skills based on information that are
easier to sell.
‍
Newer Traders:
Reading Minervini's books will teach you about VCP and stages, but it doesn't mean
that you will be able to trade it immediately with the right market context. To
achieve proficiency, you will need to develop procedural memory and go through
the grind, often to end up with similar insights but with FAITH and nuances that are
unique to you. The books are meant to show you the right direction and have been
written to prevent misinterpretation that could lead traders to ruin in “hard penny”
markets. However it is your responsibility to go beyond that and seek answers
based on your experience rather than blindly following public templates.
Choppy or whipsaw markets are not like bear markets. Setups appear optically
good, but they either have a high squat percentage on the same day or lack follow-
through on the next day. These setups, despite having a low effort-reward ratio, are
still tradeable and offer good opportunities to improve trade management skills.
The ability to do nothing is an edge, iff you have actually traded in choppy markets
and have developed the instinct to manage its ebbs and flows. Otherwise, staying
on the sidelines in every imperfect market condition will only prolong your learning
curve.
The trading skills which you develop in tough environments will improve your
probabilities and mental ability for super performance when the markets are “easy
dollar”. A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
‍
Caveats
There is a tendency to overtrade in choppy markets, which I grapple with and err
often too. But the fear of making mistakes cannot become so re-enforcing that it
cripples you from action. The intent is to be trigger-ready while also being prepared
to withdraw quickly, rather than completely removing your hand from the gun. This
does not require adding unnecessary risk or incurring drawdowns from which you
cannot recover.
Over time, as you gain a better grip on situational awareness and procedural
memory, you will develop your instinct for when to test trades, when to not test
trades and when to increase your position size and risk. Your instinct may still keep
you in the sidelines, but the awareness and execution is very different.
‍
Inputs on market pullbacks

During pullbacks in a strong uptrend, our primary bias is for the price to pause near
its support levels and then resume its upmove. This upmove is usually preceded by
a period of reduced volatility or consolidation, which is often only visible on zooming
in on intraday charts. The probabilities of buying pullbacks near support zones in
high momentum stocks are better in such markets than buying resistance
breakouts.
I had erred, like many others still do, in differentiating between relative strength (RS)
and momentum strength. This was also echoed by the wonderful @AsymTrading in
his post on 23th September - “A stock with momentum almost always has relative
strength, but a stock with relative strength doesn't always have momentum. You
can determine relative strength easily by seeing what holds up the best during the
decline, but you can only determine momentum AFTER the stock has moved.
Situational awareness in trading teaches recognizing this difference between RS
and momentum. ”During a market correction, the absence of selling in a stock does
not necessarily indicate that the buying force will be the first to resume during an
upswing.
Lets take an example - PSUs, including PSU banks, have been one of the strongest
sectors this year.
IOB had broken out from a big base, accompanied by high trading volumes and
trailing the 10/21ema. On September 12th, during the market pullback, the stock
pulled back sharply and closed near its 10ema. Now, the primary momentum
principle is for the stock to halt its pullback near the support levels of the moving
averages, possibly consolidate, and then resume its upmove.
This is exactly what happened -
‍
You will observe this in most PSU banks (PNB, PSB, Maha, Uco, Union) and several
other stocks that were in strong momentum in the last few months and have
moved up again in the last two weeks. Strong momentum stocks may have sharper
pullbacks due to market pressure, but they often bounce back higher if there is no
follow-through selling or when the market pressure eases.
These are not the typical “good looking” RS trades which we are accustomed to, but
they adhere to every momentum principle we have learnt. This is not a new
observation, and you can study its repetitions during the initial pullbacks of every
new market trend. The concept of expectation failure or trapped traders, where a
lack of follow-through action in the expected direction leads to stronger moves in
the opposite direction, is a good risk reward trade and can often be found in the
works of @LanceBeggs and Wyckoff.
Trade management needs to be tighter here. You would need to enter as close as
possible to the upmove before the traditional pivot points and leave minimal room
for squats by aggressively trailing the stop loss.
13th September - 5 min chart
As on 29th September

‍
Caveats
The motive here is not to object to any person or method, or for you to borrow my
thoughts, but to urge you to look beyond the generic quotes and grind bar by bar to
develop FAITH in your own observations which will make you more money. The given
example may not suit you, and that is completely ok because it is based on my own
observation and “chart eye”. However, the underlying principle remains true and its
executions can be further improved according to your own “chart eye”
The execution in such markets requires additional practise and screentime but that
is anyway a non-negotiable, if you are a full time trader or an aspiring full time
trader.
If there had been follow-through selling, needless to say, the probability of the
upmove in the example would have been much lower, as its underlying principle
would have been violated.
This is not a buy/ sell call on any stock or sector. Although my bias remains overall
bullish, I anticipate a correction in either time or price for most stocks and indices
for the 50dma to catch up.
‍
Takeaway
Trading in choppy markets are like leg days in the gym: the toughest days with
lower aesthetic impact, but the most important for building a strong foundation. The
craft demands high effort and also rewards highly, where the best answers are
often found in the darkest forbidden questions.
Even Gods need to hustle.
‍
Recomended Articles
Reading the pulse
December 1, 2024
4 mins
Trade Market
You're In - Adapt
Your Strategy
Now
Reading the pulse
June 16, 2024
8 mins
Illiquidity Cost in
Trading - Avoid
Slippage

Ready to take your trading  journey to the next
level? Start today!
Let’s get you started
Copyright © 2024 Trade TM | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy

