All Blogs
Trading Intuition vs Rules - When
to Trust Both
Reading price behavior
September 29, 2023
Share this post on:
In trading, constantly seeking knowledge often leads to inaction. Taking action often
involves embracing certain illusions.Not only do your actual skill levels matter, but
your perception about your own skills also greatly affect your performance.And
sometimes, it is important to deceive yourself.
Plato was likely a trader, as he has created one of the best philosophical pieces for
traders - "Allegory of the Cave”  (also paraphrased from Beggs) as below -
Imagine prisoners in a dark cave, who have been chained since childhood and are
unable to move. They are fixed in place, compelled to stare at the wall directly in
front of them. Behind them, there is a fire, and in between, there is a walkway. Along
this walkway, people pass by, carrying objects on their heads. The prisoners are
unable to see what is happening behind them. They can only see the shadows cast
upon the cave wall in front of them. The sounds of people talking echo off the walls,
and the prisoners believe that these sounds are coming from the shadows.
Given that the prisoners have never seen or heard anything else, wouldn't it make
sense for them to believe that the shadows and echoes are real? They would have
no reason to think that they are just reflections or imitations of reality.
Anuragg Venkatakrishnan
Register Interest
Wall of Love
Blogs
FAQs
Contact Us
About TradeTM 

Traders analyse charts to interpret price movements, technical analysis patterns,
and indicator-based signals. Investors focus on business models, financials, and
growth narratives. Some mavericks resort to astrology and lunar cycles. But its is not
about candlesticks or numbers or stars; they do not move prices - they are merely
shadows and echoes.
Price moves as a collective result of all participants bullish or bearish sentiment and
their decision to act in the market based on that sentiment (buy or sell). The only
utility of any analysis - Fundamental or Technical - is to be in sync with the
participants who generate net order flows that affect price movements and to get
into improved risk reward scenarios. Situational awareness in trading develops this
understanding of participant behavior and collective sentiment. Even the most
fundamentally bullish stock can decline if the crowd's sentiment is bearish and they
are not interested in owning it. Similarly, a technically perfect break of a neckline in
a head and shoulder pattern, which is typically bearish, will fail if the crowd's
sentiment changes to bullish and they all want to buy the stock.
Effective trading strategies involve more than just recognizing price movement and
entering trades after it happens, with the hope that it will continue. Instead, they
understand that price movement is a result of trader decisions and aim to identify
specific areas on the chart where traders are likely to make decisions that will have
a net bullish or bearish impact. These areas are where traders experience stress,
fear or fomo, and make trading decisions to relieve that stress, and provide
potentially higher probability setups.
Most other traders aim to find the effect of price movement, either though patterns,
trendlines or indicators. It is more efficient to seek the cause and enter before them,
allowing their order flow to add to ours and move our position into profit.
And this will always be subjective and contextual. No trade is the same, even if you
keep trading the same chart pattern in the same symbol. Trade journal analysis
and post reviews develop this contextual understanding of cause vs effect in each

unique trade. Just like if you dip your feet in the same river daily, it's never the same
water, it's never the same current, and it's never the same you.
Trusting intuition over objective rules
Markets, like humans, are emotional creatures. Trader decisions cannot be
governed by rigid rules, and as a result, price movement cannot be dictated by
fixed rules. You may accept that objective rules cannot fully define market price
action, but argue that they are sufficiently close; that all you need are rules for the
exceptions. This reasoning may seem logical until you realize that the exceptions
themselves vary. This is a common reason why most algorithmic or fixed rule
systems underperform.
The answer does not lie in having a better objective model or constantly pursuing
more market theories and knowledge. Instead, it lies in developing processes and
actions to trust our intuition and become comfortable with subjectivity. You will
most likely resist this idea. If that's the case, take some time to consider WHY.
What are you afraid of? Why do you insist on objectivity in rules when you are aware
that these rules do not determine market price action?
When I started trading, my need for rules and objectivity stemmed from my inherent
need for perfection and control over my trades. It also led me to believe that
"following rules" and being disciplined were the perfect things to do, regardless of
the outcome. As a result, my natural risk appetite unconsciously started to
decrease, to the point where I was only “managing risk” instead of actively “taking
risks” for super performance. The lack of subjectivity and intuition, kept my objective
rules inefficient and static. When you strive for perfection, the pressure to avoid
mistakes becomes a burden that often holds you back. Ironically, this pressure can
still lead to mistakes, albeit of a different kind. Being slow results in missed
opportunities. Failing to hit a fulltoss because it isn’t a perfect fulltoss is as much of
an error as poking at a swinging ball outside off stump.
In order to embrace subjectivity, I had to find the courage to question discipline
when my intuition contradicted my rules. I also had to be open to the possibility of
losing money and control, risking short-term setbacks in the hope of long-term
improvement (of course, without the risk of ruin). This first step required taking a
leap of faith, where I had to occasionally deceive myself about my trading skills and
my ability to recover from any possible situation. Your knowledge and objectivity will
often attempt to restrict you within rational and theoretical limits, which is also why
many skilled traders struggle to scale up beyond a point. Subjectivity is necessary
for improving objectivity.
I haven't come across any other way to develop trader intuition than through trial
and error, granular post-trade reviews and grinding it towards success. Intuition
cannot be transmitted to others, nor can it be articulated precisely, due to its
inherent fluid nature. It's not only about 'trusting the process,' but also about trusting
yourself to deviate from inefficient but familiar processes and still come out
unharmed. Developing feedback loops through deliberate practice and error
analysis accelerates intuition development. It's about creating a stronger intangible
from an untested tangibles. And for this process, it is sometimes easier to begin with
the comfort of a lie rather than burden your progress with your perceived realities.
Closing Note

Ready to take your trading  journey to the next
level? Start today!
Let’s get you started
The illusion is reality. The only contradiction is the observer.
- Lionel Suggs
‍
Recomended Articles
No items found.
Copyright © 2024 Trade TM | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy

