You probably 90% of the people would have expected this yes I want to catch up brother I should see a side bar I should see the entry again ok didn't all at nine of you actually think that or yes sir yes yes ok now think how tilted the minds have become because of it showed a tight path or not that you now want to think of the next three tight path the five minutes many times I don't have so much of a risk reward that a 1 minute has. Okay? So your pattern is this 5 minutes or previous day high that can also be taken out. Ideally what did you do Nikhil? You also told the concept of 5 minute ORB that it is not it is also context shown. It is based on how that 5 minutes is placed. Right? With in the context? What is the idea of ​​if? Okay? An expansion that failed. Was there an expansion that failed? Oh no. The expansion that did not fail did not fail and if it did not fail then what after that now see the context so in 24 it had a big decline okay it was not doing well after the last result it has started slightly moving up sorry sorry wait a minute from here its a cattle this time it was somewhere around then from June 25th then it has started moving up and now it has started basing over the last six months okay let's just see how the result was till here see this we were in January 26 right see so what we are seeing this time if you see it is on January 21st 2026 right okay so far today is the result day okay. Okay. So we are going in the past. We are going in January 26. Okay? This is the result which has come in so far. Okay? The one you see above, Pat is kind of flattish. Okay? You can see the bio while, but this is here. Okay? But the sales have really grown up a lot. But Pat is flattish. Okay? Now this is the first. From here, take the bar by bar. Anyone, okay? Simple context here. Okay? Now this is the first EP bar. Okay ? This is your pure catalyst change bar. Everything when goes right in this? Okay? Okay? Gets into an up circuit. Okay? Is everyone bullish? Yes. Yes. Best case scenario. There's no doubt about anything here . No. Okay. One minute. On Day Two. Okay. Is there a Day Two entry for anyone? Yes sir, we can do what is needed for that and just to extend enough. On the first day itself, the upper circuit is done and we get a strong shot. Next day, we can take entry. We will wait for the pullback because on the first day, yes, I will wait a lot for the pullback. So, let's do a scenario analysis. If it goes up, does it get even more extended ? Yes, as you were saying, when the song starts, what will happen? It should open higher, right? Or the price will start moving upwards from here. Okay? One option, okay? The second option is what? If it actually gaps down and goes up, it will be even better. That is a much better probability. Yes. Okay? So, ideally, the question you were asking Akshay . Okay? At every setup. Okay? You just do this cheat, low cheat, pocket pet all of these we were taking, right? Okay? Take in any other of your momentum setups. Okay? You will have a first principle. You have an initial demand. Okay ? You have a cause and you have a demand deduction. That's the standard. That's what happens in flags. That's what VCP is. Reversal setups. Everything has this basic first principle. That was an example. Running, running. Pauses for two minutes. Then starts running again. That is the first principle behind every momentum setup that is there. Okay. Now if I actually take it in a day two, what exactly is it the same setup on a lower time frame ? Yes, yes, yes, sir, the same thing happened, right? Now you don't need to understand the day to apply. You just need to see the weather. There is a demand pause and resumption, then you don't need to follow any candlesticks. Right, you just need to see if everyone here is bullish. No, okay, right now where do I look for a pause? Why are you looking for a pause? Like you said a tight candle, no, pause, you are seeing that, so that you are able to anchor an entry point easier. Right? Okay? If tightness comes or a reversal bar comes, what do you end up doing? There is a pause, then there has to be a new set of participants coming in with new money with urgency to get that momentum back. Yes, yes. Exactly what you are looking at, right? So you've got your first confirmation. The second confirmation is what you're waiting for. Correct. Okay? De to possible sir, I have a question about why you're calling it extended like it just broke. I have done the same question, I also had the same question, no I am just guessing whether it is extended, I am not saying it is extended, I just asked whether it is okay, okay, okay, okay, I just asked whether it is not extended, if that was a day to I would have taken it, I would really because actually what is the flaw in this analysis or exercise, let me tell you, it is that we are looking only at this stock with in the context of other 10 stocks, okay , would you take this stock the next day, yes that is a flaw in this exercise, okay, that I know of, okay, but right now for the bar by bar, let us just focus on this stock, yes okay sir, okay, okay, now if everyone is waiting for a pullback, some oats are visible here. Pullback pullback [sound of clearing throat] Right now we have to wait for the pullback. Okay, pause and demand has come then. Yes, quick play is it possible if this day three, better than day two will be extended, right, sir. What is the structure? Day pays pullback, so the same no, because if I apply the same logic that if demand has to come, then pullback or pause has to come, if this is done, then pause, we can, but sir, there is also better supply, no, yes, valid, so what am I doing? I am not taking an entry at open right, I am waiting for some of the other levels to be taken out, so like, we are waiting for like a gap, a gap up, open right for day, yes, let's visualize it right now. What options can you have for demand reservation right now? One is a gap up and it starts going up, yes, okay? Gap up, it comes down, then starts going up. Yes. Yes. Okay? Flat open, starts going up. Yes. So, beyond the point, what? Your open a gap up becomes your first line of entry. Okay, correct? A gap up and this going up is showing what compared to a flat open and going up compared to a gap up and going up is what that the first take is a lot stronger yes okay but the probability as you said right of it getting extended is also much higher you will take both trades okay but your execution will differ in both cases so if I am a day trader who is punching in very fast on a proper disc I would want to get in if it is in a gap up situation because brother the first guy is putting in okay even he knows that it is extended but sir what if it reverses by gapping down then it will also take out the weak a little and if it reverses by gapping down then it also shows that it is much stronger okay okay you can do it but is that too much of a pose and too much of an anticipation valid It's not a wrong scenario. So , what difference did you find between these three? You saw that in the case of all three, you ended up giving lesson to how it is opening but rather to how it is following through after the opening. That was your strong point. And why did that come only because you were bullish over the last. Your complete character change happened here. You could have been more bullish than this. This is not a bar pay. Okay, and what was the advantage in this? You know, if you see the results pat, there is no sabotage, right? Your earnings have increased. Okay ? So if you see if it is actually even going up on average earnings, is it much better than it going up on very good earnings? Yes, yes, we could have taken this day to pay as well. You could have taken Day 2, how did it move yesterday, today itself this gap up has opened and come down, right? Yes, you could have, but you would have had to sit on the screen. Actually, I have taken two such trades, that is why I told you, yes you could have taken them, but then this is if it is going up, right? What is Day 2 majorly, right? It is more of a velocity trade, it is not a magnitude trade, majorly you get it, but largely it becomes velocity trade and hybrid kind of, they become risk free , you will become risk free here, if you had seen a tight area, right? If you had told me just an hour ago, Akshay would have called it pocket pet [nasal voice] yes, no, okay , it is right now, anyone for the next day, mobile, no, okay, let's see. This was exactly the third situation right? Yeah, yeah, down. Okay, so now, ideally, look, if you would have actually used the strong start filter, you would have missed this. This moved what a how much 3.944%. Only, but if you see this, look, the tempo of the day has been reasonably okay. This is my first thing. Okay? Not the strongest. Okay? But if I'm really wanting to push an entry. What am I actually analyzing here? That even at a higher price, the urgency is still coming in. So if I have to prioritize the stock, this becomes the 1% of the market. [nasal voice] I won't be able to enter this one. Yes, maybe I won't. That's okay. If you are taking it by force with a lot of anticipation, Nikhil, then it will come. But yes, if you ask me, frankly, I wouldn't take it because I would probably have better stocks on this day. Only if this is one of the few stocks that I really want to take an entry on with a buyer, it will just come into a red zone. Correct. Okay. But I will come, right? But what has happened now ? In your stock selection case you are just wanting to force an entry right at a good entry point I will go ahead ok pause me yes when you want to I will go ahead ok yes many times expected we this was budget day context limited first ok now sir we will see to absorb ok one minute are you guys still bullish or not yes sir bullish yes it is not a big hair so what it took the three-four day move but nearly 7f% down right literally open is equal to high so it took the three-day move but this was also expected but this yes it was expected it was expected because it is budget for this the budget buyers will also partially book a little even the budget ok so if it happens like this suppose it would have pulled back slower ok would that have been better for all this no better this one this one this one much better ok brother all the built up supply will go out at once yes the same built up supply No, but it is also possible that after seeing this trade bar, those who were not supposed to sell will also sell more out of fear. For example, if tomorrow the price opens even a little lower, then after seeing the lower price, those who were not supposed to sell will sell more. But if it had come down slowly, then at least it would have remained intact, plus people would have added more, when it came on MA, so okay, but that's good, nothing, if those who were not supposed to sell, they are also selling, and institutions, yes, so retailers, basically whoever they were, they would have been shaken out, in this case the concept of shake out is this, intensity is what creates a shake out, yes, yes [sound of clearing throat] no, if just yourself, you literally defeated such a popular concept yourself with in five months, if this bar had come, remember how many trailing stop losses would have been hit, okay, these are the days of bars, right, everyone would have created a ruckus, kind of, and that is exactly what happened at this, okay, because this Brutus bar, this is actually a Brutus, no one was expecting it, yes , there would have been an expectation, right, Sir, Brutus bar, how come no , yes, okay, it is not that big, so I would have expected it, right Such Ishant that it was extended here you knew at some point and the other you are waiting for this bar you are not frankly expecting this bar also when you saw this you probably 90% of the people would have expected this yes I am to catch up brother I should see a tight bar I should see the entry back okay didn't all at all of you actually think that or yes sir yes yes okay now think how tilted the minds have become because of it did you see a tight bar or not that you now want to think of the next three tight bars but now actually you will see what would have happened you know if that tight bar had come the price close at water on 313 okay if you are tied ba jo aapne first imagined na flag maar ke ok it would have been abhi wahi bhaav pe hota na plus minus 5% right right yes yes yes okay so now as a participant aunt I more Happy with this bar yes, which I was going to get brother 10 days later if I am really bullish I am now getting it right now one okay? Now let's do the thesis and antithesis of this. Okay? You have seen that. Firstly am I still bullish on this or not? Yes yes yes okay. Anyone who is not bullish? Sir I had a question. Yes. Wait a minute yes let me ask. Is anyone not bullish? Because I remember on first Jan no one once. Sorry first Feb first Feb remember what happened on budget day it hasn't been long it's been three-four months since there was a lot of selling in the second half yes what yes yes happy tell me sir I was asking that is like collective system playing out here is it [sound of clearing throat] like collective like retailers where they have booked like profit like collective system is playing out here is it or you can take it on this bar. If I am actually going to this bar. Look, this is a first pay, this one is showing a complete decline. Right, yes sir. I am 30c this [nasal sound] okay. This is visible. Yes, yes. This is a very structured selling during the day. Okay. So what are you collectively doing? Basically, collective wisdom is what consensus is. Right, yes sir, match it with liquidity. As then you have a breakout, then you have a big price expansion. That is what it is visible here. If I suppose let's also look at the volume. Okay, this is the volume right now Akshay, the volumes are low and high enough for you for the sell sir, compared to previous candles, the same. Yes, if this volume had been more, then our interpretation would have changed. No, it will not happen now sir, it would have happened earlier, yes it would have happened earlier. Now, I mean, before the first Sunday, that is, today, before the first Sunday of the week, okay, yes sir, there is one more change, I mean, if at this time he had been making slow, meaning small candles and making red, then I think now I feel that he would have been more prone to fail, I mean, at this place he made a big candle, red, so what are you saying, I know what you said ideally, Akshay, if he had come slowly, you would have thought it is non-committed selling, yes, win, now you are thinking it is committed selling, yes, that is why I told it is a Brutus bar because you are not expecting this kind of intensity and commitment on this thing, right, now let me take the antithesis of it, okay, here it is inverted, okay, if they have attacked and the bulls counter-attack, this is the strongest position that you could have of a bullishness , yes, yes. Now, if I want you to, I put a gun to your head. Okay. Visualize this. How can an entry happen? The next day, it doesn't break the low. If it opens near the low, you can enter. Open near the low. Okay. Yes. And then it gaps down and reverses. Okay. Let's take all three scenarios. Okay? If it gaps down. Okay? And it starts going up. Okay ? Then actually, it may be bullish on the first instance, but it may face a lot of pressure. Yes. Because then, the follow-through power, which is needed, may be a lot more. Right. First case. Okay? Correct. Second case: If it gaps down and starts going down. We're fine. Will I get a stinger case for participation discounting? Yes. The stock also says it has become so bullish that it is now bullish. Yes, yes. Okay. If you're following the MA, then it's at 21. We're okay. There's no pattern. I'm still doing it right. I'm still thinking about demand and supply in this case. Okay? So if it comes down like this, then what can I do? If I'm on the screen, as Vidhit was saying, it showed a U-turn, it will end up looking like this. Yes, okay? If I'm on the screen, I'll track that the U-turn doesn't happen, so I'll place a limit order somewhere at a reasonable high level . It may get filled, and it will win my entry out. Okay? Right? What if it opens flat? 1 minute RB Exactly how many did he say 1 minute? What ? Okay? 1 minute? Why not? 5 minutes? Why not? 15 minutes. By then it will run. It's quite perfect. So what I need is demand confirmation. When it was demand pause and demand confirmation. There is a 5 minute, 10 minute matter. What I am purely getting to is anticipation. Right now, if suppose the price opens here and immediately starts moving up , okay. Can I confirm it within the first minute itself that there is no follow-through to the previous day? Yes. Okay. If it continues, what is my worst case scenario, that the entire red bar comes in the second minute and hits the stop loss. But is the risk-reward in favor at this particular instance? Yes. Okay. Same if I wait for 5 minutes. Why? Because if you think that this is the opposite, then in 5 minutes I may take a lot more of my move. The 5 minutes many times may not have so much of a risk reward that a 1 minute has. Yes, so your pattern is this 5 minutes or previous day high, that can also be taken out. Ideally, what did you do, Nikhil? You also told me the concept of 5 minute ORB. That is not it, it is also contextual, it is based on how that 5 minute is placed right with in the context, here, 5 minutes if upar hi bhaag gaya from here, if here till here If it runs, then it may not be relevant. Okay? What is your antithesis if it opens flat? It will start going down. Yes, it will start going down after becoming flat. My antithesis is that it will not do anything. That is my biggest problem. Yes. Why can't it go down? It can go down. But if it goes down, it should go with intensity, right? The thing is by antithesis is beyond the point where the intensity has died up. It may be on the upside and the downside. Right? Because the action, if you see it, will catch the action for two days. This is a very high ADR action. Yes. Okay? This is literally what? I mean, I am going at a speed of 80. Suddenly I hit the handbrake and stop the car still within two seconds. That is my antithesis. Right? And for a momentum player, that is why the stock will go on a problem. Right, yes, why am I taking this up with this particular group? Right, because if you look at all the trades we're taking in your trade log, okay? See, how many stocks were actually in momentum? Right? Upendra, do you remember when we did the exercise ? Right? How many stocks were there where the base was formed and there was no momentum? Kind of in between, but if it ran out of money, then we didn't take it because it was a very volatile stock. That MA exercise must have come out in that? In the MSc case, is it making sense? There is some doubt? Yes, yes, yes, yes, Lakshmi, sir, anything, some doubt, no, sir, no, clear, no, everything, until now, yes, yes, okay, how are you now? Let's play next day. Let's take an entry ourselves. I will tell you why because this is also one of my favorite entries. So, friend, okay? Look this is my first minute. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Right now if there is an upside breakout from here. Okay. Could you even have a better setup than this? I will tell you why because this is a negative thing right a little gap up happened okay I have just given you the exact context of a demand pausing and then demand resumption for this high to be taken out yes yes so Nikhil who was saying now if 5 minute high ever became relevant did it cant 1 minute high also become a lot more relevant here yes yes yes okay let me play it okay. I get regards okay. Right now if it had been taken here right now what is this urgency actually showing pollution control right. So if you see this bar now, suppose it went further, just take this. Now, don't you think this bar is ideally even a lot more bullish than the EP circuit bar that came in. Yes, the participants here, they have put in money at a much higher point with a lot more urgency. The news came here, so far the news digest has been done. Yes, yes, okay, the volumes will obviously be much lower. I think this is all. The volumes, I think, I don't know, it is much lower. Or okay, but the guys who came in here came in with a very solid dedication to buy from the first minute itself. Right , this was a very calculated buy. Right, you still classify this as an emotional buy. Something calculated. Okay, if I break out, if I just divide the time frames and make this into a flag, you will Actually see the same thing on an intraday itself right or whatever logic was there apply this rectal wala weekly monthly daily it beyond the point went in what when we looked at it here one minute time was actually suiting our objective and context or what let's come forward okay now this one now this gaps up and pulls back bullish bearish bullish bullish yes sir is this even stronger than the previous bar yes sir yes yes he is ready to pay a higher price that nickel is thinking something not his own but I think this was an event base. I think this was the announcement of the trade deal. Yes yes so the entire market was up 10%. Or yes or this was the trade deal announcement. So we had this expansion and then we had this pause right. Here it opened gap up and the stock did not come down but it got into a pause. What's one more thing you should do? Just look at the market. We watch the market, but if you don't look at the market's points, you won't be able to guess why this kind of thing. Okay, this is your trade deal. The day you took this action, the entire market was gapping up, so this was also gapping up, and then we had a [coughing sound]. It was kind of like you could see that the stock closed down a little bit. Now, it's interesting here. What happens is that when you see some kind of volatility, actually, right? So, one challenge that arises here is how to interpret this action? Right? What is a good action at this stage and what is a bad action? So, what should be a rough estimate? Because consider that at what point was your maximum buying pressure? Your maximum buying pressure was on day one when your gap up opened, minute one. Right? Minute one. Why? Because generally what happened was that I think that due to your overnight news, everyone was very bullish. Right? Because everyone is very bullish. So, because of this situation, as soon as the market opened, all the stocks went to a high. Now, for many stocks, this level is a kind of maximum for you, where your maximum pressure point is formed, upward pressure, okay, 90% of the stocks will not be able to break this high, most of the stocks, apart from a few stocks, for example, you can understand that your Cotton Newton stocks, which were affected by a lot of trade deals, except them, many stocks reached this high and from there they slid, so its breakout itself has a strong significance, because it is showing that this higher point which has been formed, it actually got positive at this point, okay, so it can be used as a reference point in itself, similarly when you understand gap down, a stock is declining and then it posts a very bad, okay, and the stock gaps down completely, that becomes a part where the gap down opens or in its term, after opening the gap down, it makes its loss. That becomes your maximum pain and maximum pressure. Okay? Meaning, where maximum negative pressure is applied to that stock, but it doesn't break out . Do you understand? So, all these reference points are very useful. When you're in the market, in the live market, shakeouts happen, so all these points, such gap ups and gap downs, are very good reference points to pay attention to. Because if this breakout is happening by showing renewed demand, it means that demand is coming back. Okay? Then let's see below this. This price goes down and eats. Anurag, you're here. Yes, okay. So, is this bullish trend getting more bullish? Yes. Okay, does anyone need volume right now? No, not sure. Yes, sir. Will it matter if it's high volume or low volume ? No, no, sir. Okay. What? Yes. Or right now anyone we can look for entry sir we have made such a big week nothing is not that big ok means it also depends on the size what is the idea of ​​if an expansion which failed did the expansion which failed oh no the expansion which did not even expand failed did not fail then what is the value of its week apart from that did it open strong the next day or did it open gap up apart from that what was the value of the week but sir here like we can assume that there was supply on that week if it is opening on supply only then it did not become bullish a little yes but there is very little supply do you think it is a high stakes game is it a high stakes game for anyone bullish or bear no right as long as it is not a high stakes game then what is the value of reversal we got it right consider it from that point right ok sir let's move ahead or we so now now look here that you did not get a week right but one thing please see here that the price gapped up from your low the first day it went down and turned down. There has been a gap up from the low. Does this show stress? Yes, and this high of yours, which has become the maximum pressure point for us, is taking it out. Right, the question is being shown. We say yes, okay. Okay. So, what do you think from here? Where should we go? Looking at the side, this is a bit of an aggressive situation from my perspective because it can come down from here, it can also go up from here, and it can go down from here on the side and it reverses back swing bar. Now, this is a red part. And now to see the reason for this red bar, we are seeing that the market has been in a bit of a pause here for three days. That is what is creating a pressure in the stock market. Right? The third bar, it is looking like the supply is coming back. Right? Now the point is that at this point you are bullish, bearish. How should you interpret it? You will be bullish, sir. Sir, bullish, okay, why bullish? I haven't seen any such change, like, or any catalytic candle that caused my bias to change. This isn't the kind of candle that's causing the problem. It's not an engulfing candle, but there has been some demand from the bottom, right? It's not a big state. Now, we're seeing a decline. Initially, we had selling, we had a pause, and we had a shakeout to some extent. The last candle target wasn't so bad that we had this kind of shakeout, but these three powerful shakeouts appear to be happening. So, if we look at this, what kind of selling do we see? Is the price here so extended that people will take profits? It's a little standard, it's a little bit. But are people converging together to book enough profits? Are they bringing people together? Are people not so forced, in fear, that they should book profits? No. Because the urgency of the move has decreased a bit on the upside. Okay? Let's check the volume here, is the volume muted, right? Let's go to 1 minute. Mainly, this decline has created the maximum damage here. There was selling before, and we had renewed selling. So, to some extent, we can say that this stock looks a little tired. A little rounded off, a little tired. [Sound of clearing throat] We're fine. Now, what happens here? What to do in such a case? Yes, this is a barrier. We're fine. It went down, turned. Okay? Not too far down. It went down slightly, turned. Okay? Let's move on. Another day of decline. Okay. It's not gaining ground on the downside. Buying is coming from the bottom all three times. Meaning, there's some consistent demand that's going on. So till now if we look at it, there is not that much bearish situation, bearish pressure was here for a couple of days, it has taken a pause, but the demand from below is still there, so we still show up. Okay, I think the last one, if everyone is now looking at a flag, isn't it here? Yes sir. I don't want it anymore. [laughter] [sound of clearing throat] Okay, now do you think this is turning into a track? We are quite obvious, sir. But it's also obvious that non- tradable and tradable are tradable . Okay, yes, if today had been a trap, it would have been one thing. Some people would have taken it once, yes , if more people had taken it, then yes, yes, yes, exactly a slow decline. And this is exactly what was needed, two times. Yes, what I'm thinking is, as Sir said, the demand seems to be exhausted. If there is a supply absorption, which happens, I mean, like some kind of shake-out candle, that would be rather better than this current scenario. So, I would actually want to wait for that candle . Okay. Valid point, good point. Good point. Okay. Fine. Okay. Anything else? In this, Chirag Sir's one said, tightness. Then it goes down and then there's an immediate reversal. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's move on. Yes. No, people say mega. No, but typically, I've noticed that someone who wants to bounce on the M gets out in one, two, or three games. Anyone who spends too much time is sure to fall later. Okay, so, but, will you trade this again tomorrow or not? If it starts running up, then in the first 10 minutes, there was a gate, the red bar that they have marked, I will see after that, I will not trade here, I used to do this earlier, but I don't do it now, okay, if both the highs are so close, Rohit, there is a difference between the first high and this high, there will hardly be any difference in that, right? I will not trade because why is there so much pause, what happens in very tight candles is that people who want to sell are also selling, slowly tightness is needed, but too much tightness is not needed, that is, measured tightness is needed, no, no, I am telling you that what happens is that we read it like this, okay, these people are accumulating, but at the same time, they do not see that those who want to sell must also be selling, right here, okay, because what happens in dry volume is that there will be even a slight draw down, for example, if the next candle opens even a little downwards, then it is very sharp. A decline will occur because many people may be waiting here, some may have already bought, sir, they may be anticipating that it's on the MA and will rise from here, which is fine, sir. I think those who are positionally trading this stock should also be here on the third candle. If it were to go below that, theirs would also be like this. Okay, okay . Okay. Okay. Okay. Anyone else? Okay. Let's move on. Yes, your previous day's high was also hit, perhaps it also shook out. Yes, both sections, yes, yes, tell me now. What happened here was actually a little thinly traded, trapping people and the stock suddenly collapsed. What happened was that there was a large size in it at that time, sir. You can take a look at the market and see what it's doing. Okay, the market was also back then, but the market was bad, but this stock should have done like that. It was a little less liquid at that time than it is today, hence the increased spiciness. Okay, I had a trade and then I realized that. Okay, now are people more bullish after this bar? Who said there should be a shakeout? Who was it? I think it was Akshay, right? Yes, I said Akshay, right? This is what you wanted, right? There has been a bounce. There has been a mid-close. Yes. Okay. So there is buying from the bottom, so there has been a shakeout as well. This is what you wanted, right? This was your thesis, right? Yes. Okay. So, you are bullish now. Right now, sir, I would like to wait for one more candle. I mean, if there is a delay, why do you need one more candle? Tightness of just to see, not just to see whether it is follow through or not in selling, then they can come on the next bar also to take entry and why delay the bulls, okay yes, that value point also does not feel extended here, it was extended till before this, starting from which the move has gone on since the EP happened, yes okay, its closing should have been a little lower, okay why, what difference would it have made, if a more bearish candle had been formed then it means the expectation remains the same that it will go down further from here, okay this thing , similarity is visible in the budget day ball, first Feb's, we see similarity, that first close was higher, pay a little attention to the character, don't just like this, take a little ₹5 ₹10 down from the close and open, then A will become a little equal to B, no, here this stock needs new demand now because I feel as Chirag said, it looks a bit tired. If there's a gap-up the next day, then yes, I can enter. Otherwise, I'll ignore it. [bell ringing] Well, like in that, Rohit, when that happened on the 1st, the next day, there wasn't a gap-up, meaning there was a minor flattish open and then it started moving higher. Yes, but there was a checkout for the initial buyers . But here, you see, it's not researching the stock as rapidly as it was before. So yesterday, it opened flat and started moving higher. Wo n't that be valid? Yes, if it opens flat and goes up, then yes, I can enter. Nikhil, what are you thinking? At that point, its asset was a little good. At this point, it has flattened. So, it seems that demand has slowed down. I mean , new demand is needed. Okay, just from which angle are you looking? You're not looking at it from the trend line, right? No, no, no, I am looking at the ascent and from this, after whatever has happened, we will have to look for a follow-through because otherwise, if the demand has slowed down, then it will start falling further due to supply. Okay, okay sir, one more point is that because we are going under the notion that the buying seems to be tired, buying is still there, which means even in this candle, there is no buying yet, which is conclusive buying, basically, which is what we are looking for. So for this, I think I would like to wait, which means that some such candle should do it. Okay, so if everyone agrees that the buying is obviously not strong as it was before , but can itself provide a good risk-on entry . Okay, I was countering my own point. Okay? 93 Is the buying looking tired because the market is not good? Possible, we can say a rise. Plus, you can see that the stock is not having that much momentum. This is how he started his move. But , sir, it's also worth noting that the upmove he initiated wasn't based on market conditions, but rather on his own character change. Due to PP, the value at a certain point requires re-registration, or the value is also registered. So, buyers need to pause once and exit. Then the price remains the same value, it can sustain for you. If, say, something good happens in Ola, Ola keeps going up to 160, it won't go up all at once, it will stop there, so that's also a reason, okay, let's move ahead. We are seeing similarities between the two. Yes, yes , don't make this a setup; the character itself is fine because this character will repeat again and again in many places. It will repeat also on intraday time frames. God, your reversal setup is based on this . Okay? So this is literally what you saw, right? Demand pause and demand. Let's look ahead. Okay, now is everyone more bullish, meaning bullishness is at an all-time high. Yes. Ishaan was saying that it is extended, right now it seems extended, Ishaan it doesn't seem so right now, why right now it is higher, right now the pause that came in between, okay, it has been reset, we like new demand is coming back, okay, let's go ahead, you guys pause when you want to, now many people who might have missed here, it seems to be about to fall, oh friend, yes, it is very far ahead. Okay, if whatever position was there here, the market has given it a trailing stop loss by the way. Yes, let's go ahead [sound of clearing throat]. Okay. Here my stop was out after EPD. We are fine. Okay, is anyone bullish still as per the market context that I have left it. If the call isn't continuing, then the bullishness isn't changing much. The relative timing is showing that you can get an entry now, and a good one. Yes, and a good one. Okay, let's ask after two weekends. [laughs] Yes, now it seems like a distribution change problem. This is a characteristic change bar where there is a gap on both the right and left sides. Where the bulls gave up and we got a good shot out. Okay, pause for a minute . The relative strength has started to appear here. We haven't done it yet. If that gap is down, then if it breaks around that, then this bar is going to a very low low. This bar won't even break your green bar. This is a classic RS and action. Read about the RS line. RS is about pressure. Basically, the concept of RS means the effort the market is putting in. It is putting pressure, is it responding to that? It can't be bitter, right? Look at how big this down bar is. Its low is two. Right is a clean down pass. You're not even close to its low . That's a sign of the equation. This is also the old 50 DMA touch. Yes, yours is at Red 50, right? Red is fine. Is anyone's setup forming here right now? No, it looks like such a setup. After the tightness, a downward move is still visible. Maybe because if it opens here, it's a good setup. Okay, I'll ask you something: is supply absorption visible here or is demand visible? Demand is visible, sir. No, is anyone feeling the need to add volume? Yet? No, sir. Okay, fine. Okay, now tell me. Demand is still visible. Supply is coming in. There seems to be a chance of demand shaking out. Has it become too tight? I mean, you won't get time for low-day times. Not many people are interested here, so the possibility of a shakeout is low because the market is so bad. Secondly, you mean, the market will deteriorate due to the volatility of the news, and more people will be involved. So, the shakeout won't be much. The second possibility is that supply absorption could also occur. This is supply absorption, in my opinion. So, except if I say accumulation, it's two times . So, can I keep an antithesis? Which supply absorption? What does it say? I said it. Okay, Nikhil, so if there is supply absorption, then does a tight entry make sense? And can I just take a very stupid entry? I'll hit a single line there. Okay? Okay? 370 times from whatever the top is, okay? I'll take it there. Okay? The worst-case entry is possible. Okay? It's for what? Just for getting a demand confirmation. Right? Okay? Because the supply absorption has come, but I'm waiting for the demand to come. One way to do it is two bit higher. Or correct? I may not have a tight stop-loss. But can it be a pilot position starter for me? Because I still think that if demand comes, then sustained should come here. Whatever fall happened in March, that is because of an event, not because of the stock. Or it is showing RS. So, a tight entry can also be a flaw in many times, or it can be. So, what was the first principle? You know, what are you ideally looking for? Your balancing between anticipation and confirmation? There will be times, like the one in February, where your anticipation would have worked because the risk-reward was so much in your favor because that stretch was there, it's like an elastic band. You know, if you lose even a little bit, you will be at an early point, and the probability is in your favor. But when the elastic band is only in the middle, the tension is not March. Right? Then it makes sense to wait for the confirmation. Get in a later entry. Or Opendra Rohit Vikhyat yes Laxmi make sense some doubt right now okay so if I can enter a completely stupid entry here at 370 one can buy even at its high like today there was a trade with Ola these days I try a lot to buy such small green bars yes same like yes in fact after a tight area if you see a mild green bar like this which is solid it so next to that there are very easy trades right now its antithesis here my pattern is working right only by doing a flat base or one line market I enter flat base here it is not a flat base actually it is not a flat base yes but it is in a limited time space but I can fit it in a trend line huh [sound of clearing throat] ok let 's go now yes sir I would have liked it to spike but in fact the context of the market in which gap down head move down head actually I bot this at April 6th sir I bot this yes sir ok ok good are you Still in it all no yes sir I am in it still ok good ok so you already know the model ok happy now you will see day to day entry here quick play yes sir I was happy there is no play here right now there is entry ok right now there is entry above this bar nice that two or three more balls with tightness are needed then VCP will be formed I am feeling a little stretched from MS so like that I am not getting such conviction I am feeling a little stretched from MS that is why I am not getting conviction from MS ok so that is the same indirectly then two or three consolidations are needed right yes yes yes a little pause is needed yes so ok so till now demand is not sufficient enough for you it does not seem that demand is sufficient but like urgency is low so the antidote of urgency is consolidation, it should be said that it is low and to solve that you are saying that there should be two more stops we were moving in a semi circle only back actually so don't worry first of all there should not be a complete wipe out in one session I'll go, that sixth entry was the best. The problem right now is that it's near the last high, so overhead supply could come in. Okay. So, I'll take it to what day, what anti-high could it be? Can it go down and reverse again? Do we really need to take a buy on the high? Yes. Apply the anti-thesis here too. Your best case scenario is actually a pullback , or hum hum , or that is the base, yes. Correct, okay, let's go ahead, sir , yes, yes, Lakshmi , how dangerous, would you have taken the trade, he just marked the line and he will take the entry, right, yes, on the top right, we can see the candles from which Akshay would have called his pocket pet, right, he would have taken probably, there are all his ears, yes, sir, yes, now can someone give the entry, also, Lakshmi, we are seeing this cup and handle right now, someone suddenly [laughs], okay, do you know when it will be visible, after the breakout, actually, sir, these are the last to last three candles, it is sort of what Ola has just done. I think it means not on that magnitude but similar to that basically base high means rejection came from there then again demand chicken happened and that is out of base its character is a little different but I can get where you are coming for yes okay let's go ahead going yes here also sir day two can be seen right or yap ok by the way the result is coming so next is visible five days yes If you want to go a little further then let's push them. Okay, this is the result, the view can be seen here. If the result has come, then it is okay. No, I mean the result was there on the first day itself. Okay, now is this more bullish or bearish? After the result, it was already up. Now it does not fall. So is this selling, what type committed or non-committed? Non-committed, non-committed. Does it feel like it may get committed? Does the action look like that? I will tell you in the context because there is a result because result is a new event right which has happened there. The perception which was there two days back, it is not the same perception right now. So even with the new information there is not much drag action on your bullish context but sir here we can also assume that like the stock was already running on like good volume so any insider would have known beforehand that the results will be good yes it could be so that is even better no yes so like brother ki yahan pe bearish buyer bias toh nahi raha hai right now yes here like bearish buy bias toh nahi raha hai right now the stock is still not forming yes are you saying or asking or yes it is not forming no it is like I have race that you have folded it no or I raced you at the time of results and you have not countered it you have not called it yes let's go ahead yes let's get the flag now [sound of clearing throat] Chirag waale entry Chirag sir waale sir setup no accha yahan pe will dump entry work again yes yes sir yes yes yes this is in its own color hum back dometry will work for better in such case okay here what It happens when this tight area is formed, then when you read the book it will show that look such a nice tight area has been formed and by then it will also become tight like this and but by then I have reached your stop loss of five, we are seeing this in practice now when the difference is when you go too tight, right, you are anticipating at times too much and risking a shake out, then what difference will it make, you know, there will be a difference of ₹500 in the entry price, but you need to be precisely at the right second and the minute for it to break out, okay you may afford to do it, but if you are not able to afford to do it, sorry if you are unable to do it, then still dumb entry makes sense because what logic am I using? I am still prioritizing momentum over my entry, right? I want a great entry and we have lost out on the pocket. Or someone was asking, can we anticipate entry instead of dumb entry? Yes, we can anticipate for breakout . What were you anticipating here Ishant, that there will be only breakout, right? Yes, you were not anticipating price point, right? And why were you anticipating breakout? First, demand is visible. Right now, pause is visible here. If you had taken here, what would have failed in the last three or four times? Would your entry have failed, right? Stock would not have failed. Yes. Correct. Anyway, I asked, meaning can we anticipate that before which candle will there be a break, meaning a breakout. Yes. So look at the five days, if you see the five days proceeding the breakout, okay, it could have been difficult to anticipate exactly when it would have happened because you act as a continuous hawk, like you will not be on the screen, the point of a confirmatory entry was what it is, only a lot more time efficient and effort efficient, you don't need to keep on tracking your stock daily, the stock has to win, your entry will be correct because someone should come, who will take a big order, on top of that, because you are not the strong hand, you are still with a stop loss, you are still a weak hand, and so, the same thing happened to me, so I stopped two times and then I missed the move, and this is the exact flaw which happens with a tight area because you keep on anticipating a tight area within a tight area which never moves, and you then want to be at the precipitate point when it moves and it may often not so that concept is I will keep taking five times even if it stops for the four times I will get it right on the fifth time and the RR will work okay it looks good in a book but will you keep on trading the stock for five times sir it will move on to some on the stock sir sir doo baar stop out ho gaya ya khus aane lagaye tum dekhne bhi nahi phir uske If it were to affect its oil, you wouldn't even buy it again [laughter]. Yes, then in this scenario, it's better to take a dumb entry, and it makes sense. So again, there's a context, right? There were points in it before Lakshmi, where we took an anticipatory approach. Here, we took confirmatory action. What did we prioritize upon our risk-reward efficiency ? There were correct ones. So, there may be times when it makes sense to wait for confirmation. There are times when it was stretched enough to go for anticipation. So, it was never about stop-loss and entry points. It was purely about at what point does demand and supply lead to a situation where it is providing you the most risk-efficient entry. Okay. Yes, sir. Let's take this further. I think, yes, okay, okay, I'm watching right now. I think, who was it, take it to the end, where did it go? I'll see, it will come live soon. It's what, 550, right? Where did we start, 270 odd? Yes , Ishaan, it was extended at the time when you hit that line. Just the last upmove that you hit, yes, the one where Chirag has a white line, right? Around 38:80. Okay? That's why you had first said it, I've got an exchange. Yes. Okay. Now, if you previously looked at the Covid world, you could watch The Big Winners or MTA. Okay. Could you have ever thought it would move so much? Just would it move so much? SFCL would move so much. You can't. It's humanly very difficult to imagine such big upmoves. And that's the problem, ah, is that you're intelligent with it. That's the problem. You need to be intelligent enough to follow the momentum of it. Okay? So right now it's moving consistently. Right? Correct. If you always think about how much higher it will go, right? That thought will always lead to a sell decision. No, sir, in that case, we were looking at it. If we had taken the entry from the bottom, then there would have been no problem. Just write it along. Yes. So, you were seeing that point extended at that particular point only. Yes, I mean, just a little before that, three or four candles ago, it was visible that it was extended at that time. Okay, okay, fine. Fine [sound of clearing throat] okay. So, okay. So the point is this exercise we're doing, right, what we were actually doing, this is a pure visualization kind of exercise. When you go through each keep on repeating what demand supply buyer bull characteristics you are seeing and then keep on visualizing how you would act on that. Okay, right now in this the first context that we have taken, we will keep on adding more context to this on decision making. So what we were doing today was we were not actually looking at any chart analysis, we were actually going through decision opportunities bar by bar. That is exactly what bar by bar analysis is, it is not chart, it is your decision making.