CH 2.2

The second condition is: if the move is going on, by how much percent does the move really continue?

Let's study stocks first. We have this beautiful stock in a very good trend. We will study whenever the move started in the stock. We will find out by how much percent did the stock really go up?

Here there is this next tool price range. There's also this third tool, which I've marked as a favorite, which is a combination of both so we can use this. If I start from here and end here, you will see that the stock is up 80%. The stock is up almost 90%. Let's find out how much was your 10%, 17%, 14%, 19%, 15%. What is the range? It is 13 to some 18% in this case. It's 13 to 18% in this case.

Let's pick up one more. This is also a stock which has really outperformed: 23%, 41%. It is doing better than the previous example but these are the ranges for this one: 19%, 47%, in only 3 days. In this, for Electra, the range is way more than JVMA. In this rally we have seen moves of 47%. The lowest is some 15-20%. Let's pick up one more: ETM, 15%, and then a red day, 12%, and then a red day, 36%, and then a big red day, 15%, and then a red day.

Now if you notice, we studied three examples and the range is different in every example. Why? Because the duration, the first foundation duration, is the same. It's the same on every frame, on every instrument, on every market, Indian or American or, in fact, any third market also. The magnitude, the percentage, is not the same. We can always have a range but still every stock moves very differently. The reason why we have different ranges is because of the size of the small caps, mid caps, and large caps.

If the stock is a small cap, which means only a few shares are available in the market, which means very small supplies are available. Even a little demand can really explode the stock and it can move really fast. We have seen that, which is why Electra had a range of 40-50 also. Ptm does not have that, the lowest, because, if you went to market cap, it is going to be definitely more than Electra.

The point I'm trying to make here is that every stock has a different way of moving. We can judge it by looking at the past if it has done this kind of a move. If it is up 29 in four days, it tells the nature of the stock. It can always repeat it in the coming future, which is why you can see that 15 in three days. If I know this tiny red day, it went up almost 28% in eight days of similar behavior. Looking at the past, we can find out the range for that stock and take an average. We can never find out that it can definitely go to 50% in three-four days but we can get an idea.

How will I use this information? It's very simple. If the stock is already up some 40% in the last three days, why are you going to take ATM after that fact? The likelihood of ATM going any further when it is up already 40% in no time, the likelihood of it offering you a great move is very low. That's how this foundation is important.

The duration of the move is the same but the magnitude of the move will not be the same. Stocks move differently. Small caps move stocks will explode faster. Large names will not really move. You can see the line. This is a four-day rally and it is only 5%. It is only 6%. We all are here to grow our account really fast and if you really want to do that, you have to be only investing in stocks which have that potential. You can't really grow your account really fast with Nifty and Reliance. Understanding these foundations is very crucial and again in the coming chapters you will learn and you will realize how this information is going to help you on a day-to-day basis. That's your second foundation and the key takeaways here are:
- If I summarize this, the average price movement is 3 to 5 bars in either direction on all time frames.
- No matter whether it is weekly, daily, or hourly on any instruments, gold, bitcoin, you can verify this.
- In fact I want you to verify this and believe this only when you have actually done this exercise.


The magnitude is typically 15 to 20%. I'm not talking about gold and cryptocurrencies because crypto is even faster than stocks. If you go and study its move, you will find the range is way more than 15, 20. For stocks it's 15 to 20 on an average but the magnitude varies from different instruments and time frames. You're seeing this kind of 41 in three days. This is a 16-minute frame of the same stock. If you see this is 5 bars, 14%, the same stock on a smaller frame had the duration is the same. It's 3 to 4 bars but the magnitude changes. Just keep that in mind that it's 15 to 20% on the daily for stocks. Again verify this study with the maximum number of stocks so that you do 