CH 2.3
The next important information that you need to really remember is the market cycles and how a stock can go through these four stages. This information can really help you in identifying where we stand in the trend: whether we are really early in the trend, the trend is really topping out, or it's too late already and the upside is limited.

This is a weekly chart of a very popular stock in London from 2018. If you see this, it was absolutely in no trend. If I draw a box here, this wasn't sideways and these moving averages were also not really trending. All of a sudden this period is 7 years. This looks like a very small box but this is 7 years and then something happened. All of a sudden the stock started trending and the stock just went up from 150 to 5000 in only 7 Jan 17 and this is August 18th, a concern of only 1516 months. The stock was up some 30 times and it was dead for 7 years and then it went up 30 times in only 1516 months. After that it went sideways for a while, which is this. Then price collapsed. Price broke these two moving averages and it had a sharp fall. It just fell almost from 5000 to almost where it started at 400. This is a complete cycle. This is what I'm talking about: stage 1, stage 2, stage 3, and stage 4.

This is your stage 1, where there is no trend for many months and it can even stretch to many years. Then this is stage 2, where the price crosses both the averages. The shorter is above the longer moving average and the price is trending up and then suddenly you see a huge advance. We see an explosive rise where the stock usually goes 235, 1020, 30 times, as you can see in this case. Then it's a period where the upside gets limited. If you see the largest rise was from Jan 17 to Jan 18. After that from Jan 18 to November 18 the price did not really progress much.

This is your stage 3, where the price has already gone up a lot and now it's not really going further but is just staying there. It becomes really choppy and it is not really the best time to buy. After this the price collapses and is down almost 80-90%. This is what a typical stage 1 is. This is the basing stage 2 is the advance. Stage 3 is where the stock tops out and stage 4 is your rapid decline.

I can give you one more example. I'm not getting into very detailed how to spot these stages because that's not what we have to do. This is another example on the weekly chart. This is where your stage 1 is, where the stock had no trend and was just forming a base. The prices were going above and below the averages and then the range breakout happened. Price started going up rapidly. This is your stage 2, where the average prices are above both the averages and the prices are advancing really fast. The stock goes from 42 to 700 in only two years. In only two years the price went up from 40 to 700. This is the area where the price started or dropped out. Finally the price kept going below the averages convincingly and then your stage 4 sets in and the price collapsed back to where it started, almost 80-90%. This is again a complete cycle of base, stage 1, stage 2, and stage 3 is the top-out formation, and then you have a stage 4.

We do not have to really identify this stage 1 and stage 4 and stage 3. We are just concerned with the stage 2 because I have given you two examples. This is where you make money the fastest because you can see the stock went up from 50 to 700. This is exactly where you can grow your account really fast.

For example right now let's say this is today. Definitely we are not in stage 2 because the averages are not in a clear trend and the price is sometimes going up and then sometimes going down. Suddenly for 4-5 weeks the price went up like this. Now definitely I'm convinced I can say for sure that we are in stage 2 because the price has broken out and the trend averages are trending up. That's all you want to know. Our job is to find stage 2 stocks because that's where the biggest money is. The biggest money is you can make a really big money in a very short amount of time if you buy young-stage-two stocks and stay with them.

The next thing that you need to really keep in mind is what happens in stage two. If now this entire rally before the stock, this is the largest advance. This is the chart of JSL and this is 2016. If you see, the price was really not going anywhere in this space. This is your stage one. If I started going higher convincingly, we are in the uptrend. The stock went up almost from the start here, 18 to 106, and only this is August 16 and this is November 17. About one year you can see that it is almost six or seven times. Pay attention to what happened in stage two because that's all we're concerned about. That's all I want you to learn and understand.

This is the rally, this is the stage two start. Let's count the resting period because that is what I want you to pay attention to. This is your first move that started here and then this is your first resting period. That's your first base. After that the stock went up again and formed the base again. That's your second base and then the stock spends some more time for many weeks. It does not do anything. That's your third base and then it takes off and forms a fourth base but it never breaks out of this base and just collapses. That's your stage four.

What I'm trying to show you here is that in the stage two, whenever there is a rally, if you see a good rally and if you can count, in some rallies this counting is very easy and it's very easy to spot. It is so obvious that you can just simply count and see where we are. This is your first, second, third. Now you know that and after the fourth base, in fact the fourth base breakout never happened. This is the third and the stock just collapsed after this. There is this false breakout. This is what the false breakout is: it broke out this week but never really moved higher, just collapsed.

How is this information helpful? If you can count and if the base count is really obvious and you can really see it and if the stock is already three bases old, the upside after that is very limited and a lot of false breakouts are possible. If I'm here at this point, if this is today, I know that this rally is already three bases old and I know that from here if I'm playing the stock I will not really play aggressively. I'll play small or I will not play at all. That's my trading approach for this talk.

This is why this base count is really important. You can really find out how early you are in the trend. If you are here you know that you're only two bases old. If you're here, that is just the start of the move. It's just the start of the move. If the stock has legs it can really offer good money so you know that you can at this point have an aggressive trading approach. You can stay invested and try and buy on dips using different methods that I will teach you and maybe the same approach, aggressive, because it's only two bases old. Now I don't have the same approach because we are already three bases old.

This is what I want you to understand and again do this: believe this, believe this, believe this fact. I want you to open as many charts as you can wherever it's not dependent on the weekly frame. I'll prove this to you, just like the first foundation, the duration, the number of bars. This also is not dependent on the frame.

This is my most recent trade. The rally from here, although the rally from 200 to 350 is more than 50%, just see, just look at the resting period. How many resting periods do you see? The move started from here. That's your first. We can call it this one, second, this whole period, third and fourth. We are already four bases old. We are already four resting periods old at this point.

I know that upside is limited and with that I sold my stock at around 340 and look at what happened: it collapsed. If you have this stock on your watch list and you are considering you want to be thinking that you should work your money, just look at what it has done before you buy it. Look at what it has done in the last few, whatever frame you are looking at, just look at the last few bars. This is clearly not a young move anymore because it is four bases old, four resting periods old, and it did not behave exactly that way. It did not really go up and just collapsed.

At this point I knew that the stock is really not young anymore and that is why I sold. I put it on the weekly frame and this is April 23 on the weekly frame, which is a bigger frame. The stock is still in the month of April, which is not just two months back. It was still a young trend. It is still a young planet that has just broken out of a big base so it is just a start. If I only do the base count, it is still at the start and there is not even the first resting period in the weekly frame so I knew that the stock is very young on a larger frame. On a smaller frame the stock has really outdone itself and it has to come down and only then I will reconsider buying more. For this whole count to reset it has to break the low of the lowest point of the previous resting period. In this case it was 293 and it broke and the whole count reset from there.

Now if the stock starts going higher again, we will reset the whole count again. The first, second, third, and you see the trend resumed and first mini, second, that's your third, and again collapsed. After the third the upside was limited. This is the false breakout to set up. If you don't do this discount then you would attempt this stock because it's really tight but I will never attempt here. In fact this is what you can see: just did not work, another failure. Now it has again done the reset. The whole count is reset again. It will start if it goes higher than I will start the counter trend. The idea of this exercise is that this counting can tell you how young you are in the trend. Not every time you'll be able to easily count. Not every stock will go to 3 bases or 4 bases. If you find a trending stock, like for example right now this is IDFC. We are here. Let's say this is today. You can definitely see the stock has been running up for so many days and if you start counting it's not young anymore. For it to again be called young the price has to come below 20 and go below the previous swing and it has now.

Now if it starts again, for me it's a young stock but here it wasn't. This counting will help you from picking up stocks at the wrong stage and it can also help you identify if the stock is young because here the stock is still young. This is the move and this is just the first resting period and then it broke out really well. You got from 88 to 203 in no time. I'm not concerned with stages 1, 3, and 4. I'm only concerned with if the stock is rallying on any frame, whether it is a daily frame, a weekly frame, or an hourly frame.

If I see that, if this is today and I'm putting it in my watch list, I'm thinking of putting it in my watch list, I will just have a quick glance to see how many bases old the stock is. If it is really extended or really three or four bases old already, I will let it pass and not attempt it. This is how this information is going to help you. In the coming chapters you will learn with real examples how I've taken the trades based on this information and how I avoided bad names which look really good to the masses but I avoided them and did not put money in them and I saved good money. Thank 