CH 4.2
The ideal scenario when you get a lot of breakouts will work well, they will explode, when the averages are above 10, are above 20, and the price is above both. You can also historically see that in this period you can go and verify how many stocks really exploded. You can go and check the breadth also in this period.

This was July-August 22 last year. You can see there were 1,300 stocks, almost the highest number. Then again we had this good period where, after this minor dip, this is August 21, September 21, and I can show you that in August we were again on the higher side. You can see that we were on the higher side. That's true but in reality by the time you actually are above the averages and the averages are trending, you will miss out on a lot of moves.

For example by the time indices reached here, my Zendtech was already up. I have already shown you that Zendtech was already up 60-70%. I bought Zendtech here when indices were going down. I spotted Zendtech here on 15-10 when indices were going down. A lot of members bought Argonin somewhere here when indices were just here and I bought NC. NC, in fact, you can see has been going up the entire period when the market went down. If you really wait for this to be the golden period, I am not disagreeing with that but if you wait for this period to happen, by now a lot of you will miss out on leading moves. They are already up so how do you really spot them? Only you read the signs that I showed you how to currently. Embrace corrections.

I really want to stress on this: I have seen that during corrections a lot of retailers will dump and stop because they already have lost a lot of money. They will stop looking at things objectively and not really see the good signs, which is why the signs in this video are explaining this. You focus on those signs and start taking counter bets, start taking bets before the crowd actually, before it becomes really obvious. By now it was already obvious that we were in a good trend and now, as I said in my tweet, we will make a new high. The odds are very good that the odds of a bounce or maybe a new leg of the bull run or high draw, and it worked out with that. Not saying that, like I said, we cannot go down but what were the odds and if I go down I will lose maybe a new level of the bull run or higher and it worked out like that. Not saying that, like I said, not saying we cannot go down but what were the odds? If I go down I will lose. I know what my loss is going to be. I know my risk is.

If it really goes right this is the kind of money you make. In this period you will make money for the entire year. If you really position yourself then you take good risk. You take big-sized positions and then this is where your money really grows very fast. These are the ideal scenarios you have to wait for and then decide your approach. 