Ch 5.1
Hi guys! Welcome to the new chapter: Setups and Watchlist.

In this chapter we will learn the setups that I trade. I will explain to you my main setups that I track and try to identify using my eyes only and how I create my watchlist every day out of the so many options that we have. I get this question a lot: "How do you really find out of the 3,000-4,000 stocks that are there? How do you really narrow down to a few and then you take the trade?"

The idea here is to first you need to train your eyes to spot those setups and then I will explain to you how I create a watchlist with you live and will explain my mindset: what is the reason for putting that name in that watchlist. In the members' club also you will see that there are multiple videos on this so that you can just go through all those videos and learn how I am creating that watchlist. The idea is for you to become independent so that you can create this watchlist on your own without any help from anywhere in this world.

I will teach you and I will show you the setups that I am trading every day. Especially if you are new, it will take some time for you to really spot these setups on a day-to-day basis. How do you really become better at it? By looking at as many charts as you can in a very short amount of time so that you train and force yourself to spot the criteria that I will be covering today. Initially it will be slightly difficult but I can tell you it gets better with time. If you find this difficult, let me tell you this is actually the easiest side of the whole game. Finding a trade, finding a setup, is not difficult. Anyone with just one month's effort can really get better from where you are today.

I have categorized my setup into two categories:
1. Continuation
2. Reversal


Continuation is something like this: this stock is going up, takes a pause, goes up again, takes a pause, goes up again. This is a continuation of the trend. The stock broke out, took a pause, and continued, paused again, and continued, paused again, and continued. If you buy here, that's your continuation trade.

Reversals are, as the name says, if a stock is coming down a lot and then it is going against the prevailing trend. The prevailing trend was up before the stock started coming down. It was in an uptrend and then there comes a moment where it stops going down and resumes the uptrend. This is a change. It was coming down and then it started going up again. What it was going before coming down, it was already in a prior uptrend, or then it stopped going down so for a brief moment it started coming down so it reversed and started going up again.

Let's start with the continuation. This is my trade, ParagMilk. I bought on June 16th at 110 and this is how it looked when I bought it. You can see that this is 110 on June 16th.

I will explain my setup here. There is an uptrend already. The stock goes up a lot. In this case it is around 60% in 30 days. Now you pay attention to the magnitude and the time it took. In 30 trading days it went up 60. This number, in this magnitude and the duration, is important and you will learn in coming slides why the duration is also very important. It's not just the percentage, the duration, in how much duration that percentage more has come, how many days this stock has gone up.

This stock is up 60% in 30 days, then goes down some, profit booking. It does not really go down a lot and then bounces off around the 20 moving average and then after it comes back up it goes really tight.

The next thing is to look at this sideways period of consolidation. I call it consolidation quality. In this period do you really see any red day with a purple dot? Any red day with a purple dot? No because there is. That means there is no big selling happening. Only the purple dots are on the green days, which means when it goes up on heavy volume but when it comes down it does not come down on a big volume. That's exactly what we want: we need a stock which has a huge force of buyers and less selling pressure. This is why if the stock breaks out, the likelihood of it continuing the trend continuation is very high.

I've seen a lot of people make mistakes of just focusing on the tightness of the bar. The tightness of the bar is not responsible for the kind of breakout that you will get. It is just an entry point. The kind of breakout, the quality of the breakout, the amount of breakout, the magnitude of breakout is responsible because of the force in the trend. This stock is up. You can see here it's up 58% in Last three months from the lowest point in the last three months, so there is a strong buying force. This is the reason why, if it breaks out, there is a strong likelihood that you will get a good move, because a lot of pressure is there. Don't make the mistake of only focusing on the tightness and ignoring the consolidation quality, ignoring the buying force. Stronger the force, stronger the result will be, but again there is one catch, which you will learn too: too much of force is also not good. You will share those sides with you on how the bad setup looks like.

Anyway, when I saw this and though I was tracking every day, the next morning I selected this in my watch list and I took the trade the next day. This is how it has been working so far. The stock is up around 28% in only nine trading days. It's around 28-29 in only nine trading days.

Let me just again repeat what steps are how the continuation five-star condition looks like:
1. There has to be a good trend in a reasonable amount of time. In this case, it is up 63% in 31 trading days.
2. It goes down, comes back up, and right around the rising 20 DMA it settles down and gives me a very tight day.
3. This is the day I selected in my watch list for the next day. Next morning I took a position. We'll learn it later with my techniques.
4. My main point that I want to stress here is: do not get lost in the tight days. The whole setup is not just about tight days. It is about there being a good trend and the consolidation quality being very clean.
5. You can see there are no big red days, there are no purple dots, and that stock, which has a good buying force of 8% in three months, has gone really tight. That is where you strike if you get an entry, and this one resulted in very good profit.


The next trade is Paytm, which I tweeted a day later, where this is how the setup was. Let's just study this setup. We had the same uptrend, so stock then goes down, comes back up, and right around the 20 rising 20 it goes really small. You can see the size of the bar. The volume of this bar is also very low, and the buying force on these days was 27 up. You can see on the left scale it's 27 up. You have a huge buying force, you have a huge trend. Again, focus on the magnitude and the number of trading days, because both are important. Magnitude alone is not important. These are also important, so it was 33 in only 30 days, and then that stock goes down. Now look at the consolidation quality. There are no red days with a purple dot, which means the stock is coming down on hardly any volume. You can clearly see the volume here, and when it goes up, it goes on big volume. You can see there's only in this trend, this is one day, and plus, if you see the history there are so many big moves so that stock had a real great consolidation quality and it settled down here. The next day I took a trade again. How I took it is for later. For right now just understand the set-up: a great trend comes down without any bad volume, without any day with a red purple dot, and then it settles down. The tightness does not make the set-up alone. It's the force, then the consolidation quality, and then the tightness, which is the right area to strike.

Next day I got a trade and this is how it worked in the next few days. It went up 28% in seven days. It went up 28%. This was some 30% in 30 days. Now it's 28% in 17 days. This is kind of a breakout I caught but again it had the same ingredient: strong force, very great consolidation quality, settles down on the rising 20-day MA, and then you select it from your watchlist for the next day. I think it works really well.

The next trade is I bought on 23rd May at 682. Let's just again understand why I selected. It has the same qualities: strong force. The stock was up 81% from its lowest point in the last three months on 23rd May. It was up 81 so the force is very good. If I study the magnitude, it is up 98 in only 10 days. Now this is what I want to emphasize: in the previous two examples you saw that there were moves where 30-40% in 20-30 days. Here the magnitude is also very three times more, two times more, and the number of days are one third, in only 10 days. Now this is what I wanted. This is why I was stressing that the combination of both days and magnitude is important. If you get a move like this that fast, I'll show you more examples. I'll share a sheet with you which will have a lot of bad examples.

This is that bad example where you get 98 in only 10 days. The stock dies for a very long time. You can see it went really tight. There were so many tight areas, so many tight areas, you could have attempted it. People who don't know ignore this fact that 90% in 10 days will attempt this stock because they don't know that when a stock goes up a lot in a very short time, it really kills the stock for a while. It did not even after so many tight areas. It did not really. You can see that this is also tight. They start going up but just collapsed and did not really work for a very long time until 24 May. It did not after this move. You can see this consolidation period is some 47 trading days. There was no great move so you need to pay attention to this. You need to really focus on the price move. It should not be this fast or if it is fast then just ignore the stock for a few weeks because it is highly unlikely that it will continue without resting enough. Why? It needs too much fuel, too much buying power has been used.

Anyway the stock was again. Now just start studying the setup again. There is a strong force and then it goes sideways. There is hardly any price correction. It has a very healthy time correction and comes back up. If you notice in the last two days it is an inside bar, very tight. It is completely inside this big bar, this day's insight, this day's incentive. The price is really contracted. Why is this contraction important? To understand that now sellers are also very less, buyers are also very less. Print is up, print, so what is the likelihood of this momentum to continue in which direction it will continue, strong chances of the buying resume?

Anyway this is the same setup. You have a huge trend. Price goes down, price comes back, about rising 20, and settles down there. This is the reason why I selected my watch list for the next day and I took a position on 1:20. This is the day I actually took a position on again. Not getting into why, I will explain later but this chapter is about the setups and trade. This is how the trade worked from here. I still have this position. The trade went up 40% in 20 days and even now it's 41% up. I still have some position.

So 3 continuation trade setups that I have shown you, these are my real trades, not just picked up a random setup, but I will share with you a sheet which will have more setups from the past. You can go through and then try to practice, train your eyes to go back in the past, to spot a similar setup and see did you really get good results or not.

Then next trade is by one of my members. Let's just study this setup. This is today, 29th March. Before this other setup you can clearly see there is a strong uptrend. It's 62% up in 57 days. Again, magnitude and the number of days, it's not up 62% in just 7, 8, 10 days. It has slowly come up and that is perfectly acceptable and that is actually what we need. We don't need fast moves because it really will kill the stock for a good amount of a good long time.

Then it goes up, comes down. In fact let's study it from here. It goes up, comes down, then again comes back. If you see these three days, these three days are really really small in size and you can see the volume is also below the average. The most important is the quality of this consolidation. Do you really see any red day with a purple dot? I don't see any. In fact I see so many green days with a purple so it means it moves very fast. Whenever it moves fast and whenever it goes up, it attracts volume. Whenever it comes down, it does not have an excellent volume so this is exactly what we need. The trend is really good on this day. It is if you see the buying force, it is 35% up from its lowest point. The next few days, the stock absolutely went really tight, so there is no follow-through sell. Why are sellers still sleeping? For so many days, the stock went really tight, and now this day is more than ten days old. This day is more than ten days old, which is why I let it go. You are allowed to ignore that big red day, and this is, in fact, a good indicator that the stock fell. The big hands are out, but there is no follow-through sell, which is why we ignore it, and it worked again. If the stock was really tight right after the sell, you will ignore this day. If that day's highs were crossed, you can ignore it, because you know that, for example, this is also a great setup.

Now, in this, let's say this is today, and this is a great setup: a lot of green days with a purple dot. There is, in this consolidation, the stock was really tight. In this consolidation phase, there is one day with a massive volume with a purple dot, but if you pay attention, the high of this day is 391.70. You see here where my cursor is. The high of this day is 391.70, and the high of this day is 392, which means the high of this day was crossed. The high of this got crossed, so whoever is in pain here, a lot of people are stuck here. They got the chance to come out. Imagine yourself when you are new or when you were struggling. Do you not really do this when you buy a stock and it goes down? As soon as your price comes back up, the first thing you do is you just sell it. Don't wait for gains. Most of you don't wait for gains. That's how a retailer behaves, so if there is a pain here, these guys got a chance to come out, so for me now this day is not a problem anymore.

This is what I was explaining: if the day is older than 10 days, I am willing to ignore it. If the high of this day has already crossed, no matter if it is more than 10 days old, to the highest cross, I'm willing to go this day. That is why, after this tight area, you can see the stock went up. I would have selected it, and the stock went up about 30% in only two days. That was the consolidation quality, and when you had the first two sorted, then you look for the tight day. There is a tight day, so you select the stock in your watch list. That's what the continuation setup is.

So the next setup: reversals. Never buy. Never try buying a falling knife. You'll cut your hands. This strategy is frowned upon because it's completely against what we've learned in the books, that you should never buy a falling stock. I have been doing this for years now and in fact I can tell you that once you are in the club, ask the members. The majority of them are mainly focusing on reversals because that gives you an early entry. No, the trade is not crowded and I'm going to show you my real trades of how I selected and how I made good money out of reversals.

Reversal is basically: first you need to understand the main key ingredients and what exactly reversal is. I'm looking for stocks which are in some sort of an uptrend. That's again why, because, like I said, the kind of move that you get after you buy depends on what the prior trend is and how the prior trend is in this case.

I bought this Perla soft just recently at 33.4 and this is how it looked on that day. This is that day. Now let's say today is 9 June. If you see the force, the stock is 31% up from its lowest point in the last three months. There is a strong buying force. There is a strong buying force, 41% in 33 days, so the magnitude is also good and the duration is also good so there's a good balance, not too much, not too little. That stock is down five red days in a row now. Go back to the foundation: what happens when you get five red days in a row? The odds of a U-turn from here are good and why is the U-turn good? The underlying force in this stock is really good so the odds of it going up should be high. Again just like the consolidation quality and continuation setup, also pay attention to the consolidation quality in the fall. Do you really see big days, big red days with a purple dot? I don't see any. There is absolutely no volume and this is why I selected this stock and I created a position the next day morning again, how I created it for later, but this is what the setup is.

You have a massive uptrend. The stock goes down and you have so many red days together and I selected my worst list for tomorrow and then the next day I create a position and this is how it is working so far. From 333 it is up around 6% in 12 days, so that's my one reversal example. Then there's another trade, MLPL, bought on June 5th, so let's study your setup. This is 2nd June, the day before June 5th. The day before I created a position. Again understand the setup: you have a huge force. The stock is up 30% in 22 days so the force is good. The percentage move is good in a reasonable amount of time, not too fast, and from the lowest point the stock is up 31%. That stock is in an uptrend. Then that stock goes down and now why I selected this example to show you is you already have three red days together. The odds after three days of a U-turn are very good and out of the last 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 days there's only one green day and that green day is also not very massive. Sometimes you get four or five red days together. Sometimes you get four out of five red. That also is fine because why I'm buying this is a pullback entry and the odds are few turns because the forces are very good.

Reversal is one technique where you can enter before the highest point of the breakout, which is what you have been learning in the books. That is to buy above the highest point but by then the stock would already be 10% higher and I will not be an early buyer. This is why I selected it. The main quality is consolidation quality. Do you really see any massive red day with a purple dot? I don't see any. There is no volume. The volumes have also dried and then I created the position the next day and just two, three days later this is how it exploded. The stock is up 22% in just 10 days. The stock is up 22% in only 10 trading days and I still have this position.

Amber, I tweeted on the 24th of May. This was the 23rd of May or the day before that. As you can see, it was a very new trend. The stock had no trend. The stock just exploded because of earnings. There is a massive cap. If you see the magnitude, the stock is up 22% in three days. It's not 90%, it's not 80%, 20% in three days. It's a big move. Then the stock, you can see, had four red days in a row. Four red days in a row. What are the odds of a U-turn from here after four red days together? Very high and also this fourth day is coinciding with this gap area. In gap areas a lot of support is expected and so if I combine the two, it's four down days in a row and it has reached the gap area. The odds of a U-turn are high from here so I selected my watchlist for the next day and the next day I had created a position. For three, four days it was this: this is how it behaved and I bought it around 2,049. You can see that I have gotten so early. 2,049 is just the start of the move. The stock went from 2,049 to 8% in only seven days and a few days later it again in a similar entry, three down days together, there was another reversal trade and it exploded. One last example of a reversal trade is this trade on March 29th. Sonata Software had bought at 750. Before that, on the 29th of March, this is the day I actually bought it. Before buying this is how the setup was. You have a very smooth uptrend. You can see the stock has been surfing the 20 really nicely and if you calculate the magnitude you will see that the stock is up some 62% in 56 days, so great balance of rise in the number of days. That stock is down and your consolidation is absolutely clean. There is no pull-down on any red day and that stock is down for two red days together but why did I still select it? It was only two days. In all the examples that I covered I've had five days or four days at least or three days at least. This is the lowest number I still selected it. Why? Because, like I said, this is an art. You need to really understand the meaning behind what you're doing. You have a strong stock which has such a good force and in this market if you compare it with what was happening in the market at this time, this is that day. If you see on the 27th of March, Sonata was in a very good uptrend whereas Nifty was making new lows. Nifty was already down four days together. Now I combined both. You have the whole market which is down for four days in a row. What are the odds for the market to take a U-turn after four days together? Very high, very high, which it did the next day, and your stock is only down for two days but this stock has such a strong force that maybe it will not really go down. If you combine it with the market being down for four days together, you can take a chance. This is that ideal scenario where the market is oversold and your stock, a great stock, is also sold. This is the reason I selected it even only with these two down days.

The next day in the morning it opened lower so in fact it turned into a third down day. I bought at 750, which is somewhere here, and in the next two days I got a move of 18%. The stock eventually went really much higher than that but the timing was good. I did the analysis and I combined the analysis with what the market was doing. The market was down for four days in a row and if you go and study this behavior on the index, you will rarely see markets going down for five or six days. Here it was down for three days and reversed. Down for three days and paused and then reversed. Down for four days, which is very unlikely. Down for two days and reversed. I combined the market and Sonata together and I took a chance and it worked in my favor so this is what reversal is. This is how you find reversal setups.

The key takeaways for the reversal setup are similar to the continuation. You need, though, this premise: you need a strong prior trend in the opposite direction, which means if we are falling, before that there was a trend if the stock was standing up. This is the opposite: right now it's in a downtrend but before this downtrend there was an uptrend and the consolidation quality, which is again the quality, should be really with no order. These two things are common and very important, no matter what set of strategy or no matter what you're looking at. If your setup has a lot of hurdles and has no buying force, you will not really get good moves, so that's really important.

The third thing, which is different from the continuation, is that you need to look for multiple red days together or a majority of red days out of the last five or six days. For example, these are my days with red days together but sometimes you don't get them together. Sometimes you get six, seven, or eight days out of seven. Now you get five red days out of six, you get four out of five. When you have so many, that's also acceptable. These are the two main categories into which I have classified my setups.