Ch 5.2
Before we ended, in the previous video we covered what my setups look like and in this one I'm going to cover how I create my watchlist out of the so many options that we have. What do I really look for? How do I really decide? Understand the mindset. In this video you will learn all this because there will be a lot of videos in the members' club which are already on this subject. It will help you in understanding what my thinking is behind selecting a name.

Let's just start. Let's make a watchlist of a few continuation names. Let's say this is the stand result of the 52-week high and these are the names which are in the 52-week high. In the previous video you learned how to run stands so let's say this is your daily list. Today the markets are closed and now you're preparing for tomorrow. I saw this list in your sending order. I have the worst names, the ones that are here and then so on.

The reason is that in the setup video I showed you that we wait for the tight day to develop. If a stock is down 5% today, definitely it is not a tight day. There's no point looking at a stock which is down 5% or 4% or 5% so we can just save time and not really check the names which are down this much. Maybe let's start with 3% and even 3% will not really look tight to you. Is it a great setup? There is definitely a rising trend. The buying force is only 10%. You can see here on the left side that the buying force is only 10%. The trend is rising. The consolidation quality is there. There are no red days but just on the force there is no force. There is no force and today is not a tight day at all so definitely not selecting it. I move on to the next one.

Now this definitely looks like a tight range or very surfing the 20 moving average very nicely. There is very good force, 58% up. You can see 58% up and the consolidation quality is very neat. There is no purple dot on the red days. In fact on the two green days I have a purple dot. This stock moves really fast and has been surfing the 20 moving average very nicely. What I will do is I like this setup. I will select it. I will put a color here and click here. Give any color. Let's say I'll give a green color then I move to the next. Use the up and down arrow key when you keep or use your mouse like this because this is taking space on the screen so I'll just close this and use the keyboard instead.

Now is this a good setup? It's 37% up. It has a rising 20 DMA. Great green days are purple dots. There are no purple dots on red days. Everything is great but is it really tight enough? Is it really tight enough for the continuation trade? It looks clearly like a big red day so on that scale I will not select it. I need the best of names. I need 5-6 names only. I don't need 20-30. On that scale I'm not keeping it. I will go through the remaining list and see if I can find any better.

Now next is TPL. This one again has a great trend. It has a great uptrend, 56% up from the lowest point in the last three months. The consolidation quality is also very good. I don't see any purple dot on the red day but again, just like the previous one, is it tight enough? Do you really think that this day is tight enough that you select it for the next day? This was a tight day. This was 15 June, which was definitely a great setup for the next day, and it worked also but is it today on 28 June? Do you really think it's tight enough? I don't think so so I'll move on to it. I will let it get better. I will keep tracking it. This is a great setup. I will track it very closely. If it gives me another day like this, or a day like this, then why not for tomorrow? Again, buying forces are alright, not very good, not very high, not very bad, but the day is not tight at all. I will just not even waste my time on looking at what the trend is. As of today, the day is not tight enough for me to consider it for tomorrow. This is a definitely great uptrend. There are a lot of purple dots on green days, which means that it is moving really fast and attracting big volumes. That stock has really gone sideways with no hurdles at all. This day is also not really tight like the other ones, but if you see the size compared to what it is somewhere, I would say 75% getting. Not 100% ready, but definitely not the previous ones, which were just collapsed, went up, and then collapsed face down.

This is something you will get better at with time, with every day when you select stocks. Maybe initially you will have confusion whether to select this or not, and that is why I said you start with a small amount of money, because you will make mistakes. You will make these mistakes, and with time your mistakes will get better, and that's how you develop an art. That's how you get better at any art. You need to give it time, you need to practice it.

This same stock was really good somewhere here, and even I will monitor it. It's not really ready yet, but I will continue to monitor it. It's better than the previous one, but not still ready for my selection. Usha Martin, it's a very smooth uptrend, a very linear uptrend. Let me use the word linear. Let me define what linear trend is. Linear is if the price really closes convincingly below the rising 20 DMA in this entire trend. The price hardly closed convincingly below this moving average. Every time it came to that, there has been a good strong bounce. When I say convincing close, this kind of close where you have 5 or 10 together on a big volume, or so many, or you have a very sharp fall, something like this, where you are definitely closing below the rising 20 DMA on a very high volume. There is a purple dot, but now, since this trend started, there has been hardly any. It has always bounced from 20, so this stock is in a very smooth linear uptrend, and this is what we need: stocks that can be trusted, that have very smooth moves, that don't go erratic, stocks that don't go bouncing in all the directions. This is that kind of stock. That stock has an uptrend, goes down, and now, in the last few days, again, it is not really very tight, but in the coming days it may get better, but for tomorrow I will let it go. I will wait for something else again. Same thing, not tight enough, so basically you will see that all these 2.5% are not really tight. Yes, we can skip down to somewhere around less than 2% and see if we find it right.

Okay, let me. This is a great buying force, 90% up, huge uptrend. Goes down, goes really tight. Actually, I'm not selecting it, but I will tell you later on why. In a few minutes you will know why I will not select it. For now I'll just select it in this color, but I'll remove it and I'll tell you why.

KPI green again, great uptrend, and 9% up, huge uptrend, goes really tight. Now again you'd be asking, "This is really tight, great setup. It has everything. It has a buying force. There are no red days with the purple dot, only green days with the purple dot, and it has gone really tight, so why are we not selecting it?" Let's select it, and I'll tell you why it is a bad setup.

This one, I really like. Great uptrend stock goes up, comes down, and now goes really tight. These 2 days are really tight. Look at the size of the bars, and now the size of the bars has reduced. The volume is also very low. No consolidation, quality very clean, so let's select it. The force is also 110% up, 110% up, so let's select it.

This one, great trend goes down, comes back up. Last 3-4 days, these 2 days were really tight. It was a very good entry point. Now it's down for 2 days. They are not very tight, but again keep a track on this in the coming days, not for now. Again, not tight at all. This one moves only ok. This looks very tight, but the stocks move like this only: up and down. Never touch these stocks. You will never be able to make money off it if you do it one time. I can tell you you cannot create wealth out of these stocks, because you get trapped. They did not allow anyone to come out from 46 until it was 28, so these destroyed your account. Just stay away from them.

All these names that I'm skipping, because I don't see current day is not tight enough. This one again has great force, 48% up, 48% up. Goes down, and last 3 days it has gone really tight. That's a selected trend. This is also a great uptrend that has gone really tight, but the reason I'm not selecting is because now the downtrend is for almost a month now. This is forming a tight range. I told you in the beginning that in the previous video I told you that this range formation is alright, even if it happens around or above or below. That's alright, but the slope of the line should always be rising, or a minor fall is alright. This has been in a downtrend for a good month now, so I don't trust this move anymore. If I ever want to consider it again, I would rather wait for this price to again come up above the line, and then the line should start trending up and then form a tight area again. As of now, it's a mediocre setup for me.

Great uptrend and then price goes down, and in this fall there is no hurdle. There is no purple dot on the right, and the price goes really tight in the last few days. These three days are completely inside this bar, which is like an inside formation for going on for four days, and it's surfing the rising 20 TMA. Let's select it. No, that's not tight enough. Definitely tight, very tight. You can see that it has gone really tight. It's surfing the rising 20 TMA, and the force is also very good, 71% up. The stock has gone pretty tight for the last three days, so let's select it.

So far we have selected some four-five names already. Now this is up, and there is this minor day that looks small in comparison to the previous days, but it's not a good setup, and I'll tell you why. Now let's select it. This one again, great rise comes down hardly on a big volume, but is not tight enough compared to the size of this bar. It is almost the same as when it was rising, still the same, so not tight enough. This one has no purple dot. At all you can see there is no focal dot anywhere so I am not going to consume this stock. Even if it sets up, even if it goes really tight, because there is no focal dot there is clearly no institutions after the stock and I don't want to invest in it. This one is up 28%. This is not a great force, looking at the current market. We are getting names up 30-40-50%. In that light this stock is again in the buying force parameter of the stock, which is all right, not great force. I need at least, when everything is up 60-70-50%, I need at least 30-35% moves. If I keep compromising on this, I told you that the breakout happens because of this force. The kind of breakout you get happens because of the force so I'm not really keen on setting this. Only 14% up has a very tight range, a very tight range. It wasn't a very good uptrend but now it's only 14% up. It has not participated in the current rally for now. Just let me tell you this is 19% up and right days. I'm sure you must be thinking that these are, yes, definitely tight days. It has force, it has a rising 20 DMA but if you remember the continuation setup is this goes up, comes down, and then settles again. In this case it is only up. It has to first come down and then go up again. It's like a zigzag and then it strikes somewhere here. Same stock was really good at this point. Now it has to wait for a few days for this formation to happen, which, in my view, will take at least 2 million. This took about 30 days, 1point: not. You have to wait for a few days for this formation to happen, which, in my view, will take at least:
- 2nd May
- about 30 days
- about 20-25 trading days


You'll have to wait for this formation too. If at all that formation has to happen, it will take at least these many days.

Good setup: the stock has just the same thing rising up and down and has just started moving and has gone really tight. If tomorrow there is a move, that'll be the first day of the move because the red day reset the whole count. That'll be the first day so let's select it. It has a good force also 90% up. You can see it's 90% up. This is okay, this is also great. The move comes down and has gone really tight in comparison to what it was doing here. Now the range has gone really tight. Now every day it's getting smaller and smaller so let's select this one also.

Now we have selected some 6-7 names and this is how you continue in the list. Let me tell you one thing: now you can go on and on and find in great markets every day you'll find 20-30 names, just the continuation names. We've not even included reversals. If I start with reversals, that list will go up even further since in strong markets we are flooded with so many options that we get confused. So I consciously stop when I get some 5-7 names intentionally. I consciously stop there and I don't look for any further because I don't want to get confused if there are so many stocks moving, breaking out. I don't want a lot of options, I want few options, good options, and my job is to make money out of them. If I'm not making money out of them on a consistent basis, that means there's something wrong with my understanding, my stock selection. Having too many options is not good in this business. I stopped here so let's say we're done with the list and now these are those 11 names in the green color that I added. Now I'll tell you there were few names that I selected but I knew I told you that I'll explain later why they're not good. Now if you remember the layout chapter, I have this four-screen layout. For now let's just focus only on the weekly and the daily here. This is your list. Let's now check if what I liked on daily is really good on the weekly as well or no.

Kiloska, I selected on the daily and I told you, is it really good on weekly? It's been setting for last; it has found a mini base for the last 4 weeks. It's only 10% away and is 108% up from the 52-week lows. I see no red flags on the weekly. On weekly it has been rest. The stock is sideways for the last 4 weeks. It is forming a mini base and is not far away from the average. This is why I always look at both the frames. If the weekly is in disagreement, if weekly says that the stock is not ready yet, no matter how tempting it is looking in the daily, I will avoid a trade there because I know that I will not get big moves from here. If you really want to catch a move like this, you always have to buy when the stock is forming a base, which is what it is doing now. Once the stock has done this already, it is unlikely that you will make immediately the same kind of a move again, which is what happened. The stock did not really do anything for the last 4-5 weeks.

Now what, the checklist?
- Is the stock forming a base on weekly? Yes!
- Is it away from the averages? No. It's only 10%, which is acceptable so I will keep it in my list. I will not delete it.


Next is Skipper. On the daily clearly it has a great trend and has gone really tight. This is a mouthwatering setup but in reality it is not because if you see the weekly, the stock is 24-25% away from the averages and has not been resting. It has been running for the last three weeks. Understand: go back to the foundation. When you get three green bars in a row, what happens after that? The odds of the move continuing go down with every new bar. The stock is up already 67% in three weeks and it has not rested. This tempting setup on the daily would have trapped me if I had not seen the weekly chart and this is the mistake that I see a lot because all the new followers get tempted, looking at it because they are focusing only on the word "tight", not on the structure. This overall structure makes money for you.

The stock on the weekly is super extended. It is 25% away from the average. In the layout video I told you why this number is really important and this is the reason this weekly chart saved me from attempting a trade on the daily, which is why I will not keep it here so I'll click here and I'll remove that color and the name is gone. KPI green, great move, very tight. Days should really trend right. No, look at the weekly. Look at this weekly here. It is 40% away from the average and it has been running for five green weeks in a row. It's been running for four weeks in a row. What are the odds of you getting the same move? Right, from your very low, very unlikely. You can study the past and, plus, you go back to the foundation class. You don't get good moves from here.

This stock is looking very tempting on a daily but the weekly clearly tells me that it's 40% away, super extended, and it has been running for four weeks already. I will let it one more mini base of three or four weeks before I consider it again so I will remove KPI green. It's also looking really great, has settled on rising 20 DM, has gone really tight also but is the weekly really good distance-wise? It's perfectly all right. It is only 10% away but look at the number of green bars: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine green bars in a row, and then you just had one. Do you really think, have you ever seen a chart where you have nine bars and the stock corrects for just one bar and then starts going higher again? Find me one. Highly unlikely that you will find that this stock will again start going higher and give you so many green bars again. 

This is a great example. The number is alright, the number is 10%, it is alright, but the weekly clearly is so many green bars in a row. Start going higher and it gives you so many green bars again. This talk is really tired.

This is a great example. The number is alright, the number is 10%, it is alright, but the weekly clearly is so many green bars in a row. It has not rested enough. I would, in the JBM example, where I said if the move happens so fast, then it kills the move for many days to come. Imagine this is your daily chart if you have so many green bars in a row. It will kill the move, and I'll share examples with you. Plus you also study, do your own work, go back in time, and see if you have so many green bars in a row, what happens after that.

I am not keeping that name. Next is really tight, really tight, and the weekly is also looking alright. No problem there. It's 4% acceptable distance and has found a mini base. In fact, even on weekly, it is looking really tight. If you see this, it's just like a daily chart. It's really tight, perfect. It has been basing for the last 3 or 4-5 weeks. This is what we need. If we really want to catch a move like this, you need an entry when this stock has been resting, and you buy on the week one day one and enjoy the next 3-4 weeks' move. This is a great setup, perfectly in sync with the weekly and the daily. They both are in sync. JWL, clearly, it is super extended on the daily, and also, if you see weekly, it's 29% away. It's 29% away, and there is no base. It has been running, it has been going up for so many weeks now. I will definitely not touch this stock at all. The upside from here is very limited.

Then again, same story. It's 23% away from the averages. Look, look very good on the daily, but you can clearly see that this is not really a good base. It's already extended 23% away, so I will just skip it.

The last one is best. Each has a very tight base here. You can see that it has a very tight base here, but is it really good on weekly? You can see it yourself. It is 11% away, which is an alright distance, an acceptable distance, but in the last two weeks, yes, it has been going up from three weeks already. Idle behavior is this: it goes up four weeks, settles down for four-five weeks, and then moves higher. For me, this rest is not good enough. Two weeks is not a good enough rest. I want three to four weeks, and then I will consider. For me, this is even extended on the weekly, so I'll keep removing this time.

This is how I create my watchlist, and these are the things that go through my head by just explaining to you. The only way you can get better is when you practice this every day. After a month, I can tell you, with my experience, you will be a far better version of what you were today. Your stock selection will greatly improve if you keep watching this video again and select names. Every day will be a new learning day. Every day after you select a watchlist, you will notice that your watchlist is getting better, and that's how everyone improves on the technical side. I just think Explain new continuation, and now I'm explaining reversal. With time, after a month or so, you will be able to spot both of them together. Let's start.

This is not a reversal. There are not so many red days in a row. Not considering it now, here you have four red days in a row, but is it really a great trend? It's only 9% up. The trend has just turned. It has been in a severe downtrend. Why should I really put my money here when I can find something which is in a stronger trend?

It's again just like when I said that tight days do not really make a great continuation setup. There has to be a prior uptrend. Go back to the checklist of reversal. There has to be a prior uptrend, run strong force. This stock does not really meet all the conditions of the checklist. It's only 9% up, and there is no prior uptrend. Even though there are four red days, because of the other two conditions, it is not really considering this stock.

I'm not seeing so many red days together. Okay, this is one. Let's study this one. There are four red days together. In this sideways phase, there is no purple dot on the red day, but what about buying force? It's only 13%, and the stock is super, super choppy. This stock is super choppy. You can see that it is not really a trustworthy stock. Not saying that stocks can be trusted completely, but definitely there are some stocks which are moving in linearity every time the stock comes around 20 DM and it bounces. I just showed you in the previous examples that some stocks have really respected it. They are just in such a strong trend that every time they come around 20 DM, they bounce. This one is super choppy. It goes up, comes down, goes up, comes down, goes up, comes down. Plus there's no buying force, so why do you really want to invest your money now? This one has really good trend, smooth uptrend. That stock is down only two red days.

In this list, we notice that there was Indian mart, so let's see. There are five red days together. Definitely it qualifies there, but it does not qualify on the force. There is no force, so again, okay, this one, the stock is up 33%, has a rising 20 DMA. I saw any green days, and it's done for three days in a row. It's done for three days in a row. There is no couple out on this, right? Thing I'm selecting. It, let's give it a different color. No red days together in this list. I don't think this list has many names. Let's check the 100% up list, and before we do this, we've done. We checked the entire 52-week high list, so we can label this some new color so that we know that we don't have to check these names again. We have already checked these names, so I click here and sort by color. I've already checked all these blue names. These are the names which I've not checked, so let's just see these names now.

Here you have Boros sell, which is 40% up. It is up 40% as the rising 20 DMA. The stock goes up, comes down, and is now four red days together. Red is together. Let's select it. This also huge upgrade, 47% up out of the four five days. It has three massive red days in this one day, so this is also a reversal variation. I explained to you that if you have a majority rate in the last four five days, that can also be played as a reversal trade. This is also actually a combination of reversal, and it can fall into continuation also, because these three days are really tight. It makes the continuation criteria also and the reversal criteria, so you can put it in any category. It does not matter. It's a great setup, getting ready, and it's gone really tight, so let's select it.

We're done with this list. Also, now we go to the volume breakout list again. I don't have to check these big names, because definitely, if a stock is up 17%, it will not be a reversal trade for tomorrow. We need stocks which have red days here while looking for reversals. We can clearly see that we're also finding a lot of continuation names. This has gone really tight and is sitting on the DMA. Why are we not seeing a lot of reversal names? Because we're in a very strong market at the moment, the odds of finding stocks which are down for four five days are not that high in this market. You find stocks which go up and then settle down. The continuation names are more often, which is why we are finding it, so we can put it in our continuation list and study and check the weekly later after this and see the weekly. Also good to know. Let's continue finding reversals. If you find one, this can be a reversal trade. Stock is down for four five days, and it is also a continuation right eight days. It's a great setup. Rising 20 DMA, the consolidation quality is super. This was a bad day, but this high has already been crossed, plus it is also 10 days old now, so it does not matter. Let's select this one and put it in our reversal watch list.

Let's say we're done with this. Let's say we checked the entire list and now go to the reversal list that we created and see if the weekly also is giving a green signal or not. This is how the week is. The first name which we've already checked the daily, so let's see how the weekly is. The weekly is definitely also not a problem. It's only 2% up, it's only 2% away from the 10-week average, and has been resting for the last four weeks, 1, 2, 3, not extended at all. Suppose there is a green signal on the weekly frame and also on the daily frame. That's how Zensar was on the daily and on the weekly also. If you see it is four weeks, four red weeks, this is a great setup, even weekly. This is just like that, the index chart where the markets were down for four months in a row. Here you have those sensor is down for four weeks in a row, and on the daily also it is down for five days in a row. Both the frames are in sync, perfect sync together. This is a 5-star reversal setup for tomorrow, so Zensar gets more green signal even on the weekly.

Bank of Baroda again, no problem. It's only 2% away from the 10-day coverage, and it has been resting on the weekly. It is not up like this. There are no big hits. It has been one year now, and it's up already more than twice. It's up 160% from the 52-week low. That stock is resting, and on the daily this stock has been down for five days in a row, so good green signal on the weekly also.

This is it. This is how I use, I create my watch list for reversals and for continuation. Initially, you might have to do it separately. Again, it depends on all your skill level. If you have time, you don't have to do it separately. With time, you would know the parameters of the continuation and the reversals by heart, and you will get better at selection. That's how I make my list. There are a lot of videos on this already in the club. There you will see multiple videos on how I create my watch list, and you can learn from those videos also. You will get better over time. 