CH3.1 Layout and Scans
Welcome to the new chapter, Layout and Scans.

In this chapter, I am going to show you the layout. When I say layout, what I mean is how my trading screen looks, how many charts I have open at one time, and what are the indicators, what are lines, what are tools that I use. I use TradingView. I'm sure most of you already know that TradingView is one of the most popular charting websites. It also has screeners here.

Whatever I am showing you today on my screen is possible only with the trade account. TradingView offers a free one-month trial, so you can always take that trial before you make a decision about buying it. Also, if you're already happy with the one that you already have with the software that you are using, you don't have to move to TradingView, because the layouts and also the scans that I will be covering are very basic. You can plot every indicator and these layouts even on whatever software you're using. There's no compulsion here, but because I'm using this one, I'm teaching you this, and I know most of you are already on TradingView.

Let's start with this: this is the single-screen layout. When we say single screen, what we mean is this is only one chart, and this is the daily chart of Arvind Fashions right now. Here, this is the layout when you click here. From here, you can change the layout. At one time, I have four. This is the first screen layout that I followed. If you notice here, you can see that there are four windows here, so you can go here and click on this, and then it will open a four-screen layout and sync the symbol and cross here. You can see that this is the weekly chart of First Source Solution. On the right top corner is the daily chart of the same stock. On the left bottom corner is the hourly chart 16-minute chart of the same stock. On the right bottom corner is the 15-minute chart of the same stock.

Why do I have the four-screen layout? This shows me, in one go, how First Source is behaving in all frames, and I'll explain how every frame is helpful in making a trading decision.

Also, if you notice, I have a lot of numbers here. If this is a weekly frame and this line that you're seeing is a 10-week simple moving average line, you don't have to really. One important point here is that whatever I'm explaining today, you can simply copy this entire layout. My entire layout can be copied with the link I will share. The layout link will be shared with you. You just need to click on it, and it will get copied to your trading account. If you do not have TradingView, then just pay attention. I'm explaining what these tools are, and then you can simply plot them on the trading software, the screen software that you have.

This line here is the 10-week moving average line, the simple moving average line, and there is another line right at the bottom. This line is the 10-week average line on volume. This is on price, and the same line I plotted on volume, because every time it simply means that when the volume is above this line, it means we can say that the volume is above the average of the last 10 weeks. When the volume is below this line, it means the volume is way below the average of the last 10 weeks.

Now, this number green, I have these three values here. The green one says 57.69, so what this 57.69 is, that is how much the stock is up from its 52-week low. This is that number. It is a 57.69% from its 52-week low, and we can verify this. This is the lowest point in the last one year, and from here you can see that it's exactly 57.69. I don't have to every time do this calculation. I can simply look at this number and get to know how much this stock is up and why I have this number here. Because logically, if the stock is up 57%, that means the stock has a lot of buying power, and because I'm looking for stocks that are in strong momentum, that's your first sign the stock has huge buying power.

Similarly, this one has 46-47%. It is a 47 from its 52-week low. This one is also 43% up. This is 55. When you have a lot of options, let's say you have 20 names in your watch list and you're confused how to eliminate the bad ones, this is one objective way to delete names that don't have strong power. This number is how much the stock is away from its 52-week high. This is the highest point in the last one year. If I calculate from here, it is exactly 13.72, and this is what this number says. Again, it saves me from calculating every time, and I can just simply look at this number and make a better watchlist.

The third number that you see in yellow is the distance between the price and the 10-week moving average. In this name, you can see right now the distance between the current price and the 10-week moving average is 34%. Now, why this matters is that clearly, if you see this is a stock which has been running up for so many days, and in the coming chapters you will learn what extended stocks are, how they look like, and this is an example of an extended stock. If the distance between the price and this line is way too much, that's when the upside is limited in my view, and then we do not take that stock, no matter how tempting the setup looks.

Now you will ask me: how much is that number? What is a good number? Now, every stock has its own. Stocks move really fast. The large ones are very big names with large market cap, and they don't really move that fast, so there is no one fixed number. If you just study the history, you can see that this stock moves really fast. You can see at this point this was the fastest move, and then now this is even faster. If I see at this time, if I go back, you can see that it went up 48.62. It's a little grayed out right now; it's a lighter yellow because it is in the past. At this point, it was 48, and then the stock reversed. It does not talk about anything for the next 5 weeks, and now the stock is up 34, so this is the nature of the stock. I'll show you big names, so this is one large name or very large name with a very high market cap. If you see that this is the sharpest rally, at this point the distance was 17%, and then the stock reversed. If you study history, because it's a large name, it does not really fly that fast. That's why the distance between the price and the line never goes to higher digits or 40, 50, whereas in the smaller company  I will show you that, for example, right now because we are in a very strong market, a lot of names have gone up. If you see, this is 29% already and in this phase the same stock was 48% away from the averages. In short smaller stocks will fly faster and their distance between the line and current price is usually in the upper 30s and 40s but yes the bigger ones don't really go that much.

How do I really use this number? If the distance between the price and the current line is historically on a very high side, I will not consider that stock for investment. I ideally want the distance to be on the lower side, like 8, 9, 10%. That's acceptable. 12% is acceptable but it was already 25, 30, 40% and I'm not touching that stock for sure. I would wait for the line to catch up, the distance to come down, and then I'll consider it again. This data is helpful and just this information can save me from taking trades in good stocks at the wrong time.

That's it. This is what I have on the weekly FAIR. Now I will expand this daily chart and here you will see that there are three lines:
- The blue one is a 10-day simple moving average.
- The second one is a 20-day simple moving average.
- The green one is a 50-day simple moving average.


Now 90% of the time I don't have the 10 and 50 turned on. I'm simply working with 20 to spot my setups, to spot great setups, and I'll explain in the coming chapters when exactly I really use 10 and 50.

Again on the daily also we have this moving average on volume. This is a 50-day moving average on volume. Why 50? Because on weekly we had 10 weeks and every week has five trading days. If you multiply 10 by 5, we get 50 days. This is a 50-day moving average line on volume and I already explained on the previous frame that when this bar is above this line, it means the volume is way above the average.

This purple dot is my main or the most important tool here on the daily frame. Every stock has different market caps:
- some are large caps
- some are mid caps
- and then there's the third category, which is a small cap.


Smaller cap stocks have very low free float. Free float is the number of shares in circulation in the market. If you have less supply and there is good demand, the price will obviously explode faster. In larger names with larger market cap, because the number of shares in the market is too many, it requires a huge demand for the price to really explode. That is why we don't really see big names exploding, it requires a huge demand for the price to really explode, which is why we don't really see big names exploding. Because the name of the course is "Fast and Fortunate: How to Grow Your Small Account Fast", you obviously have to be invested in stocks that really move fast. If you invest in big names, the large names, the familiar names, they will not really move your account fast.

How do you really find out which stocks really move fast and which ones are slow? Now you don't have to really go and check the market cap every time before you take a trade. You can just simply plot this tuple tool, which is created when the stock moves more than 5% in either direction on more than half a million volume. If Electra goes up more than 5% or goes down 5% on more than 5 lakh shares, there will be a purple dot there. If you notice Electra has gone up 7% on almost 10 million volume on this day, which is why we have this dot here. If you see the past when we started to have so many purple dots, which means it is a fact that Electra moves really fast and it brings in a lot of volume.

If I show you the large name, how many dots do you see in this plane? Not even one. Not even one, which means Reliance does not really move 5% in one day. If you stay invested in Reliance, you're not going to grow your account fast. This is why these dots are really important. When I'm making my watch list, if I come across a great set-up but it does not have any dot, then I will skip it because I don't want to be in a slow-moving stock. This dot helps me in eliminating the bad ones, the bad names.

Just like the weekly frame here, also on the left scale I have this green number, which in this case says 49.37. This is how much the stock is up from the lowest point in the last 3 months. I've taken 3 months as 65 days, 65 days, because we have trading holidays every month. How much is it up from the lowest point in the last 65 days? If I see 65 days, if I go back to 65 days, this is the 65th day and the lowest point is this. If I calculate from here you can see it is exactly 49.37. Again it saves my time from calculating in every case and the idea of why I have it here is: why do I need this number? Because the same thing, I am looking for stocks in strong momentum, which are up strongly in the last 3 months and that gives me strong momentum.

After this number on top is relative volume. It says 101% because volume is up. The period selected here is 20 days. Again it does not matter if it is 20, 25, or 30. Basically this information is how much is the volume up in comparison to its 20-day average. It says 101%, so the volume is up 100% from its 20-day average. You can clearly see it is almost double off from this line from the average line.

How this is helpful you will learn in the coming chapters. That's it for the daily frame. On the left bottom corner I have this hourly frame here. I only have this 20-period moving average line. There are no purple dots and there is no information on the right scale. I am merely using this frame in certain cases where I can get an entry with a smaller stop. Sometimes the stop on the daily frame is a little wider than my threshold but on the hourly frame I can get an entry with a smaller stop. It can also be used to trail a winning position. For example if I bought the stock here I can be trailing the stock with this rising 20 MA on the hourly frame.

Again you will learn with time and similar to 1R there is this 15-minute frame where I do not have any line. I am merely using this to enter even with a smaller stop, like very very micro stops of 1.5%. Not every time but there are certain situations. Again you will learn when to buy in the when to buy chapter. Use this frame to micromanage my entries. When I say micromanage entry, it's what I'm trying to say that if I see a range here, like for example this is a range and there is a good reason to enter here, I can take with a smaller stop. This is just a 1% stop and I can, if the trade works or the risk is only 1%, make 1:10 from this.

This is what the 15-minute frame is for and then I have one more frame here. If you see on the top, this is a two chart layout. Again if you go here I select two and then it will open two stocks. Now on top you have this: the index, the mid-cap small-cap index. The idea of stacking these two different charts on top of each other is because I'm trying to compare. I am trying to find relative strength. Relative strength means how is your stock doing in comparison to the index? Is it doing any better? Is it doing worse? Or is it just moving with the market? If it is doing better then that's called relative strength. That's how I measure relative strength.

This tool is more helpful in the bad markets to really find out the future leaders. If you notice, we were in a really bad trend from almost the entire last year but mainly if you see it from December to March 23 this year, we were in a really big downtrend. In the same period especially in the last phase, if you see from Feb 23 to March 23, our VNL was in an uptrend. Clearly the opposite picture: you have a bad market where markets are making new lows and here you have a stock which is making new highs. You know that this is how I measure relative strength and then I put these stocks in my focus list and keep tracking them. When the tide turns and the market also turns, I know that these stocks will really fly and do better than the market. You can see the stock just exploded. This is 5th May. Markets were here on 5th May and by then the stock was already up 100%. The stock had doubled in just no time.

This is the layout which is very helpful in bad markets. Relative strength is your best friend when markets are really bad. You can really spot future leaders by just simply comparing, no numbers, no RS rating, no 85 and above, no 90 and above. As long as you can see good behavior, you can see this stock is in an uptrend when the markets are down. That's your future leader. Again we will learn in detail how to spot RS because there are other types of relative strength also and we will learn in detail in the coming chapters. For now this is the layout I have: the index here and then I compare my stocks with the index to find future leaders, so that's it